Link to [Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/50x36i/the_blue_ridge_fire/)

Link to [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/56f6gp/whats_the_deal_with_blue_ridge_the_blue_ridge/)

As I was walking up the stair, I met a man who wasn't there.

He asked me how I got these scars. I told him, "Thank your lucky stars...

"I don't reveal the pain and fears, that make me laugh through bitter tears."

But then, I was alone, you see. The man who wasn't there, was me!

If you've read the previous two parts of this narrative, then you know why I've been seeing a psychologist. If not, I suggest you follow the link to the beginning and start from there, otherwise, these pages will make no sense. As for me, I wish it didn't make any sense at all, and I could forget the whole thing. But then, THAT'S been the whole problem, all along.

Are you back now? Good.

Now that you're caught up, I can begin this third, and GOD I hope, final installment!

So, a couple days after the "Midnight Drive of Paul Revere," I got in to see my primary care physician at my local VA clinic. I got right to business and told him the events of the Blue Ridge Fire, my recent obsession and mental disturbance, and finally, the last incident where I found myself AT Blue Ridge without remembering making the trip!

With the telling of the last part, he immediately picked up the phone and made me several "emergency" appointments at the Seattle Hospital. He said, "Don't drive, I'll arrange transportation." 

He's a good PA who doesn't screw around. It's because of his thoroughness, that I wasn't sent right back to work after my last back injury. He found irreversible damage in the X-rays of my lower back, and told me I was done working in my field. At 57 years old - at the time - that meant I was done working. I filed for disability - after further workups at American Lake - and received my award letter, after the, obligatory, five-month wait, no further questions asked.

So, when John says, "Don't drive," I listen. The next day, I caught the VA shuttle to Seattle where I had X-rays, blood work, CAT Scans, MRIs - all negative - and my first meeting with a psychologist in years.

Her name was Kathy and we met for an intake. She asked my recent history, so I told her about the "walk off" several years earlier, my TIA - mini stroke- history, my propensity for depression - dysthymia - and how I coped with that and stress in general, i.e. not well.

Since I was already retired, she recommended I stay a few days to a week so I could begin treatment in a safe place. Except for a co-pay for medications, all my health care is covered by the VA, so I agreed and would meet with her every day for about a week. She also put me on mild antidepressants, that would be administered by the pharmacy on a daily basis, for the duration of my stay. She was taking no chances with my case and I appreciated that.

The rest of the day was spent admitting me. They set me up in a private room - I guess they didn't want to "endanger" any other patients - and a schedule for my medications. Along with my antidepressants, they also administered my blood pressure meds.

The next day, I met with Kathy, who started a "loose" form of psychotherapy. You know how it goes; they ask a lot of uncomfortable questions about your history, your feelings about that history, if you harbor hard feelings toward your mother, father, siblings, ex-wife, kids, anybody else in your life, traumatic experiences - WAIT! The Blue Ridge Fire! But why was THAT a “traumatic” experience? It didn't happen to ME! - and all the rest of the stuff that I had become accustomed to, since long before the "walk off."

So, after determining that I subconsciously felt the Blue Ridge fire was a traumatic experience, we started to hone in on that. Kathy practiced a form of relaxation therapy, not unlike hypnotherapy but without an actual trance. I was instructed to create a mental "safe space" in my imagination that I could retreat to any time I felt too uncomfortable with the subject matter. Then she would hold up a pencil and have me follow it with my eyes as she waved it in figure eights in front of them, stimulating a REM type memory response. As she did this, she would ask questions relating to the period of time surrounding the fire.

During the evenings, while we were pursuing this line of enquiry, my dreams would become almost violent. Several times a night, the nurses would come in to wake me as I tossed and turned and moaned out loud. After a couple nights like that, they sent me for a sleep study. Results? Negative.

On the third day of therapy, Kathy brought in the hospital psychiatrist to prescribe sleep medications. He sat in on the rest of our session, taking copious notes. It was then that the focus of my memories dredged up something unexpected, my first crush.

Remembering Krissy didn't bring happiness or even sorrow, but a profound dread, instead. It was, also, very unexpected because I thought my first "girlfriend" was Shirley! She was the little girl who lived down at the bottom of the hill, and who's brothers and older sister would bully the hell out of me and my siblings.

But now I'm remembering being about eight years old, playing with a little black boy named Christopher, and a little blonde girl named Krissy – Chris and Kris… interesting, - in the school playground during recesses and lunch.

The psychologist pricked his ears up at this. "Do you remember any bad experiences with either or both children?" He asked?

Suddenly I saw myself pushing a slightly older version of Christopher to the ground in a fit of rage and Krissy rushing to his side to comfort him.
 
"Why did I do THAT?!" I asked aloud. "He was my friend!"

"He must have done something to make you very angry." The Shrink suggested. But I couldn't remember what it was. I only remember that relations were strained between us after that. They still played with me, but it always felt like they were walking on egg shells around me. But then, I was walking on eggshells around myself, whenever I was with them.

As I related this to Kathy and the Shrink, I suddenly saw a flash, in my mind's eye, of a trash can on our back porch in the Heights. It was gone in an instant but it had interrupted my train of thought.

"Did something just happen?" Kathy asked. 

I shook my head. "Nothing related to what we were discussing." I replied.

"Why don't you tell us anyway." The Shrink leaned forward as he said this. I told him, a little too quickly, that I really couldn't remember what it was. They looked at each other for a second and then Kathy said, "I think this may be a good time for your safe place. We'll take a break and continue tomorrow."

The Shrink got up to leave. "Before I go," He said, "I would like you to sleep tonight on the events around Krissy and Christopher. If you need to, that is, if you find yourself too agitated, don't hesitate to go to your 'safe place,' but I'd like to hear more about this." He turned to Kathy and asked, "Do you have a recording device of some kind?"

"I've got one in the top drawer here."

"Good. I have too many appointments tomorrow to sit in, but I'd like to review these sessions if you don't mind." Kathy agreed and the Shrink left. We finished up with "safe place" therapy for about five minutes and I left to go back to the ward. My "safe place" had let me down, because I wasn't the least bit relaxed!

Old feelings, I had completely forgotten, were coming back to me after years and years of dormancy. As I walked back to the ward, memories swarmed my senses until I could barely see the hallway I was walking through; I passed my room. In my mind, I saw Christopher and Krissy out behind the ball shed at school. She was holding his hand and they were talking about me.

"I don't like him anymore." Krissy was saying. "I like you now!" 

Upon hearing this, I remembered springing into action. In a jealous rage, I rushed Christopher, grabbed him by the front of his shirt and threw him to the cement of the ball court. Krissy screamed and ran to him, crying. 

She turned on me, tears in her eyes. "What are you doing?!" She demanded. "He didn't do anything to you!" I couldn't say anything. I just turned and ran back into the building and my classroom. 

Funny how I always thought I was the one who always got bullied. Now, it seems, it may have started with me bullying my best friend. This also explained why I could never defend myself, but had no problem defending others. I wasn't afraid; I was guilty!

And during all of this, my mind would, intermittently, flash to the trash can behind our house. Every time this happened, I would clench my fists and tense my body, trying to fight off a horrible rage, seething at the back of my memory.

I finally came around to my room again. This time I noticed it, so I went in and fell on my bed, tears tearing at my vision and a low moan escaping my lips. "What kind of a creep am I?" I asked myself. What did I DO!?"

That night, my sedatives did no good. I suffered rapid fire nightmares. But, because of the sleep aids, I couldn't wake from them and no nurse came to rouse me.

In one dream, I would see myself pummeling Christopher half to death. In the next I'd be on the Bus with Krissy. That's RIGHT, it all started because we rode the bus together! Christopher did not. He knew Krissy, because I had introduced them!

In another dream, I'd be staring into an empty garbage can on the back porch of... Wait! It WASN'T my back porch! In the next dream Krissy, would be getting off the bus in Blue Ridge! It was all coming back to me in hazy fits and starts. Krissy got off the bus, a black spaniel - It was the one I THOUGHT belonged to our family friends, downtown - was always waiting in the yard for her.

I'll bet you can guess which God Damn HOUSE she lived in! God, how I hoped the dreams weren't accurate! In my mind's eye, I watched her walk to the front door of that stupid house, dog on her heels. She went in and then... and then... the house was engulfed in flames! Now the dream had morphed. It was night and the house was on fire!

I threw myself out of my bed screaming. THAT'S when the nurse finally came in to see what the commotion was! Another nurse came and they got me back into bed. I was crying. The on-call doctor came in a little later and gave me a more powerful sleep aid. I was out for the rest of the night, no more dreams.

I know what you must be thinking. At this point, I was thinking it too! But wait, it gets weirder!

The next day, with the recorder on, I started to relate my dream to Kathy. When I had finished, and told her what I thought it all meant, she shook her head. "Therapy like the method we are using," she started, "Doesn't always create real memories. Sometimes, the memories are symbolic of issues buried too deep to get at. I don't think it's wise to jump to any fantastic conclusions based on them just yet."

"But I was there. I SAW the fire! I must have started it... in the trash can!" I was so sure of my conclusions, but Kathy refused to give them credence.

"How old were you at the time of the fire?" she asked? 

"Eleven." I replied. 

"And what time of night did the fire start?"

"I don't know. It was Halloween night is all I know about the time."

"So, how did you get from the Heights to Blue Ridge?"

"I don't remember, but the memory of being there is pretty clear. For all I know I could have flown!"

Kathy just shook her head. "I think it's about time to do some REM work." She said. "Maybe we can add some clarity to your disparate recollections."

"OK, but I doubt there's anything more to recall." I sat back in my chair and counted to ten. She placed her pencil in front of my face and started drawing figure eights in the air. Almost immediately, I was lost in memory.

It was Halloween night, 1969. We had just returned home from trick-or-treating the Emerald Heights housing project. There were so many houses, with two or four apartments each, that we never needed to go anywhere else to get a huge stash of candy. 

We had all picked several pieces of candy from our individual bags and retired for the night. Mom kept the bags in her and Dad's room so we couldn't pig out all night in the seclusion of our own rooms. I always suspected they raided our bags while we slept.

I wasn't sleeping this night though. I waited for the sounds of the house to quiet and, dressed for a long walk in cold weather, slipped out the fire escape in my room and down to the yard below. I had a plan.

Earlier in the day, I had seen Christopher and Krissy arguing while we were waiting for our buses home. She hadn't said anything during the ride and I was afraid to ask, fearing she would immediately see through my motives. Her eyes were still red and she sniffed back more tears as we entered the Blue Ridge area. She got off at the one stop, under the lone streetlight. Winter was almost upon us and the sky was pretty dark by the time we arrived there.

So, that night, I had made my mind up I was going to walk the three or four miles, out of the Heights, and up to Blue Ridge. I took an old pillow case, intending to use the excuse of trick-or-treating her house so I could get a chance to talk to her. It took a while, but I got there. I have no idea how long it took - it seemed to take forever - but someone had beaten me there!

As I approached the house, I could see someone in silhouette standing in the shadows of the back porch. Suddenly, a huge blaze flared up in the garbage can and lit up the figure until I could tell it was Christopher! He ran off without seeing me.

I had a choice. I could follow Christopher or I could alert the house about the fire. The decision was made for me, when a woman came out of the neighboring house. She ran around toward the front of the threatened property. I figured they'd get the fire under control and I could run down Christopher before he could get too far. As I plunged into the woods, in pursuit, I could hear the neighbor pounding frantically at the front door and screaming an alert to the residents.

I could hear Christopher in the woods ahead of me. He was crashing and swearing as he tried to get away from the scene. I imagine he could hear me following because he seemed to double his speed. Since he had not seemed to see me, I doubted he knew who was in pursuit. He only knew he was in danger of being discovered or caught.

Suddenly, I couldn't hear brush crashing anymore and I soon emerged from the woods at the bottom of the hill. Christopher was nowhere to be seen. I returned the way I had come, to the top of the hill, to find the house totally engulfed in flames, and Krissy’s mother screaming hysterically as people held her back from the fire.

I was tired and numb and couldn't grasp the import of her frenzy. It never occurred to me that not everybody had gotten out. I didn't see Krissy or her little brother. I figured they were milling around out of sight. I decided I better get out of there before I became the primary suspect.

It was almost morning by the time I made it home. I climbed the fire escape and crawled into bed, grateful that it was Saturday and I wouldn't have to get up for school.

Later - and I mean MUCH later - that morning I woke tired and sore. I drug all the rest of the day and felt like I'd fought World War Three, all by myself. Every muscle ached and there were scratches here and there on my shins and hands. The pants I wore the day before were in near tatters.

"When did this happen?" I thought when I saw them. I couldn't remember; the day before was too hazy. For some reason, I threw them away rather than put them in the wash. Somehow, I knew I didn't want Mom to see them and ask me questions I couldn't answer.

When Dad got home and Mom got up that morning, I heard about the fire the night before. I felt terribly saddened, though I didn't really know why. I heard two children had died in the fire. I felt a sense of loss, though I didn't know what. It was all just too hazy.

From that day forward, I dreaded passing through Blue Ridge and its melancholy surroundings.

Kathy stopped the session at that point and told me it was important to place myself in my "safe place" right away. I realized I was wet with tears, all the way down my shirt. "I think we can trust THESE memories." I said after doing "safe place" therapy for several minutes.

"For the most part, I think so." she replied. "I'll call the psychiatrist and get you strong sleep aids for tonight and I'll see you tomorrow at the usual time. We'll see what we can do to help you deal with this."

I slept like the dead that night, and the next day, Kathy gave me her opinion of my case, and a prognosis.

"I consulted with the psychiatrist after he listened to our recording." she informed me. "We have come to some conclusions together and want to run them by you to see what you think.

I just nodded in agreement. I was still mentally exhausted by the previous day's events.

"It's clear, you've been trying to work through the trauma of that night for a long time. The revelations of yesterday make it pretty obvious what the symbols in your dreams are about.

"The sirens, that seem to precipitate a dream sequence, are connected to Krissy’s dog. It's a hint of who's memory you suppressed, your mind trying to clue you in, the long way 'round."

I listened intently. I had come to a similar interpretation while waiting for my appointment. I was interested to see if the rest matched up.

"Leaving by way of the fire escape coincided with your suppressed memory of sneaking out that night. The walk down the street, could symbolized the trek to Blue Ridge."

"What about walking with members of my family?" I queried.

"Probably a need to feel secure, supported. I noticed your father was never in the dreams. Did you have issues with him?"

"He had anger and violence issues. He was a good guy most of the time, but was pretty rough with us kids whenever he was mad. He certainly would NOT have made me feel safe!" She nodded knowingly. I was thinking I could have come up with all this myself, after all the therapy I’d had in the past, and wondered if any of this was going to help my treatment. I suppose knowing what it was all about, finally, would help me, in time.

"You said Christopher was a black boy, so you're dream antagonist becomes an indistinct black shadow. You, also, saw him in silhouette when you first arrived on the scene of the arson. His symbol was indistinct and ghost like because of that or, possibly, there’s still a hidden issue associated with him."

"Maybe the persistence of glowing green eyes is a symbol of jealousy. You were jealous of Christopher, and he may have committed arson as a response to a similar emotion. 

"I'm not sure if I have an interpretation of the hundreds of dogs and children. Maybe it was just a subconscious ploy to show the importance of these symbols. Dreams are very random and can turn anything into a symbol or just throw an image in for, seemingly, no reason at all.

"I think you know what the garbage can is about." she concluded.

"OK," I agreed, "But how does this affect my prognosis?" I loved using medical terms with medical staff, it made me feel smarter than the average patient.

She put her notes down and just looked at me for a second. Then she took a deep breath and said, "I think, with some antianxiety meds, for a little while, and some rest, you'll be good as new, or maybe even better, now that you know what memories you had suppressed. A little PTSD therapy might be in order as well. I can set that up at American Lake so you won't have to make the trip up here every couple of weeks."

"What about driving?"

"Go back to driving as usual, if your new medications don't make you too drowsy. If you have another episode, call me direct and make a new appointment to see me. I don't think that will be a problem though. You know everything your subconscious was trying to reveal. There's no reason for it to continue to interfere."

The next day, I rode the shuttle home. Now I knew why my whole life had been such a strange sequence of failures and tragedies. I'd been running from demons I couldn't handle, relentlessly chasing me like the hounds of Hell. Hmm, hounds... go figure!

But there was still one unsolved mystery. Where did Krissy and her brother's remains go? Perhaps it really WAS just a wild rumor, with no basis in fact!

I tried to satisfy myself with that theory, but that night, in my dreams, I was suddenly flung into the past, once more. 

Again, I was coming up to Krissy’s house, that Halloween night. But, this time, there were THREE silhouettes on the back porch! When the flames leapt up from the can, I could make out the figures of Krissy, her brother and Christopher before they, all three, ran off into the woods!

I woke suddenly, startled by the sound of my own voice, "BITCH!"