Unfortunately neither of us are money savvy and despite lurking here for some time I still feel clueless and intimidated by the enormity of the task of tackling this debt.

Timeline:

2017: I'm still in school while he starts work 50k salary for the next 4 years

2019: I start on 50k salary for 3-5 years

2021: His salary increases to about 200k

2023: My salary increases to 150k+

Somewhere in 2018-2019 we'll be getting engaged then married.

His loans: 200k upon graduation, federal loan, 5.6% interest

This huge number is looming over us both and causing quite a bit of anxiety for our future.

My questions:

1. Cost of living will run us about 1k/month in rent, which is about the same as mortgage in one of the nicer suburbs. I'm very nervous about taking on another huge debt when we already have a large student debt to pay off, but renting seems like a waste if it will cost the same as mortgage. If we decide to get a house after saving enough for a downpayment, what are some financial considerations we should know as first time homeowners?

2. 200k on 5.6% interest seems like such a huge number to us. In the long run what is our wisest option for repaying this? A financial advisor suggested income based repayment, but being in debt for the next 25 years sounds crushing. And does IBR mean if you miss or pay late even one payment in the next 25 years, you're no longer eligible to have the remainder forgiven after 25 years?

3. Can you refinance a federal loan like ours for a lower interest rate? Are there any reasons we shouldn't do this?

4. There will be 2 years when he's working and I'm still in school, and the wedding will most likely happen during this time. The price tag on traditional weddings is already making me want to vomit, but it means a lot to both our parents so nor do we want to go completely bare bones and get married at the court house. If anyone has resources for planning tiny weddings (like 20-30 people) please share.

5. Honest opinions: how manageable does our situation look?