You came to see the play, to admire the actors, to follow the complex plot. And after the play is over - you write on Reddit: "Stage decorations were awesome!" 

I don't get it. 

Why are so many people putting so much value in the "world-building" in mainstream fantasy books? It is all well and interesting and one of the reasons to read fantasy, I suppose, but it is, mostly, trivial. Worlds are relatively easy to build, and fantasy writers usually do it the easy way. There are few exceptions. They are all about the world, it being main part of the books' charm: Michael Shea, Brandon Sanderson, any weird-fantasy authors like China Miéville (though "weird" is not "mainstream"). But praise "the world building" of Patrick Rothfuss? Or poor old Martin? Or Joe Abercrombie? Joe is too polite and generally cheerful to spit into any person's eyes, but after the world-building praise - I think he should, because if there is a fantasy writer who is not "about the world" - this is Joe.

There are two parts of world-building. Firstly, there is an idea. "Gods are dead, their ex-priests usurped their power". Or: "Ancient Evil, buried under the Antarctic ice, is awakening due to the global climate changes". Or: "The sun is green, and rainbows have only six colors in them". Ideas CAN be interesting. The problem is that the more you read - the less interesting they become. You begin to know all the tropes, which takes some of their appeal away. Some ideas can still catch your imagination. They are few in numbers... and they are most definitely not present in Martin's or Rothfusse's or Joe's writings.

Secondly, the execution. How good is author in describing his world? How relevant is it to the plot? And other very important... technicalities. This is what authors do, part of the literary skill, of being a good storyteller. Nothing to be praised independently, as a big "reason to read this book". When you discuss it in details? Yes. "Oh, the world building is amazing!!! My new favorite book!" No.

Sorry for being so very emotional about it. What do you think?