I'll be quick and honest. I got myself in a bit of a sticky situation, something I've been slowly fixing and learned from (I learn things the hard way apparently), and I desperately need advice.

Basically I recently changed my Credit Karma information so it's now in my changed legal name. I tried months ago but it wouldn't let me and I completely forgot until last week. Today I logged on and my 659 and 647 scores dropped to below 560 each. My new high is 554. I looked around and realized it's cause two bills I had sent to collections, that were in my legal name, were now added to the Credit Karma account because it was in my old name and that's why they never showed up.

So now I have two bills, under $500 each thankfully, showing up and I don't know how bad this will effect me. Luckily I'm young and have time, but I'm also young and inexperienced and family is a terrible place to go as most of them have scores worse than me. And a financial advisor (was recommended one) costs money I currently don't have. So I'm here.

I do have some specific questions about how I could maybe fix this, so can you help a kid out?

1) Will my score improve the same or better if I pay the bills off in full?

2) When (not if) I pay these off, how long will they stay on my account?

3) Will my score EVER go up to pre-collections status even if I pay it off, or at least half?

4) Is there any way I could get them off my account after paying them off?

5) I am about to start paying off the local university I went to, will that show up on my account if it's going directly to the school?

6) My credit card is showing up, finally, and it's showing the balance and everything. With that being my ONLY good means of credit, how long will I be screwed in trying to apply for an unsecured card? I will point out it sure as hell won't be for a long time now, but an approximate time would be nice.

That's about all I can think of asking. I would seriously appreciate ANY advice. I got myself in this mess, I am aware of that, I gotta get myself out someway. But if the questions above can be answered, I'd appreciate that a lot more than you know. If you need any more info, feel free to ask.