I'm really not sure what is real anymore. 

I recently came upon a certain theology that no one really exists unless you can physically talk to them. I mean I could be wrong, I'm atheist so I strongly believe in seeing something to believe it. But then I believe in air, regardless of the fact it is invisible; so I suppose you could call me a bit of a hypocrite. I prefer the term ‘Unreliable Narrator’. Choose to view this any way you wish, but you must please bear in mind that the events that took place leading up to this are all true, no matter how hard I wish they were not. 

I suppose I should start at the beginning, even though the main event takes place years later. I've always been open to the idea of ghosts and spirits, not in the terms of the afterlife, but in the way that after people die they leave behind them an image, a semi visible afterthought if you will. This idea came to me when I started to recognise less and less people. Sure, there are the people I know by name and have spoken to physically, my friends, family, family friends, friends’ families, work colleagues, interviewers, teachers, classmates. But what about the rest? All the people in the background that you half notice but never see again, the mother with her children that you just catch across the aisle in Tesco, the people on the upper level of the shopping mall whilst you are on the bottom. Now we can almost be certain that these people exist, we notice their physical presence and are able to judge minor characteristics about them, the characteristics that make them human. But do you ever have the doubt on your mind that they aren't really there? That they are just here to fill in the gaps? Well I did. It plagued my mind that I would never see these people again, yet I had to accept the fact they were real. It seemed unfair, almost like I was missing out on something that everyone else just seemed to understand. Or maybe they were just ignorant to these occurrences and had bigger problems to deal with, like I should have. And I do have bigger problems but this one seemed more constant and imminent. If I'm dealing with these thoughts on a day to day basis, why shouldn't I try and pursue it? 
I had to wait 6 years until someone was willing to help me.

It had just turned Autumn, which is one of my favourite times of year. Not everything is quite dead yet, but you can see the trees and the greenery struggling to keep its colour before it starts to crisp over and fade away into brown. I like to think this is their fight for survival, and although their efforts were futile, it gave me hope to see something push so hard to survive, and for us to witness it in such a beautiful way. But I remember the day clearly. Me and my friend Chris would regularly go out for walks when we both had time off, have a few smokes, listen to music and just talk about whatever we had on our mind. This one particular day we were sat on the field down the back of the road where I live. I'd grown up on this field and its surrounding hills and tracks and there was a real satisfaction in smoking weed on it. I'd just lit our third joint of the afternoon and was holding it in my lungs for longer than usual. If you smoke, you'll understand the affect of this. Chris was halfway through his theory on The Walking Dead,

“-but then if he kills Maggie then he's basically killing her unborn child too and with such a rich storyline to pursue, it'd just be stupid for the writers do that!”

I take another toke and think carefully to myself before passing it to him. 

“You know, if I was the show runners,” I begin, “I would put all the names of those in the line up in a hat and just pick one. You see, the beauty of when Negan kills Glenn in the comics is the utter randomness of it. You don't see it coming. Any decision the writers make is going to be predictable because they've made that decision with the next season in mind, so they have to tailor who they kill. If it's random it could be someone like Rick and that would be fucking mad.”

Chris is staring at me like I don't know what I'm on about. He laughs, coughing smoke up everywhere before handing me the joint. 

“You've packed this one more than the others haven't you?”, he asks, his eyes beginning to water a little. 

“Maybe,”, I retort, “what's the point in smoking if we aren't going to get-,”

I pause because I see something in the distance. About half a mile from where we are sat there is a hill adjacent to a cliff edge and at the very peak of the hill there is a bunker. It's been there as long as any of us can remember and we still aren't sure what it's use was. It's one barred door is locked and you can't see anything through the tiny windows. Judging by the bars on it, we assumed it was some temporary holding cell that the council has now locked to stop kids going in and fucking or doing drugs. But what I could see was a man stood on top of the bunker, this is normally a regular thing to see because it's a pretty fucking cool place to hang out, but this guy was alone on the hill and was just stood there, appearing to look at us. 

“What the hell is that guy doing on the bunker?”, I asked Chris who had just finished another coughing fit.

“I don't know mate,”, he croaked.

I don't know whether it was the fact I was stoned or just my natural curiosity, but this felt like the answer to the question I'd been asking myself all my life. But I needed to pursue this. 

“Lets go have a look, he might be selling drugs,”, I always know how to convince Chris to do anything. 

“Do we have to?”, he whined back, “We already have drugs,”

“But this way we could get more,”

“Preach,” he shouted, jumping to his feet. 

I flicked the roach away and leapt up after him. I wanted to get up there quickly, too many times I had tried this on my own and been too slow to catch anyone. I suppose this partly proves my point that they were never there but this time I needed a witness to make sure I wasn't lying.
We were hurtling up the steep path towards the hill, Chris was panting like some unearthly beast but I was spurred on by my curiosity for the unknown. We reached the crest of the hill together and stopped briefly to catch our breath. It was Chris that noticed the bunker first. 

“Where's that guy gone?”, he asked. 

He was right to ask where he had gone because the man had in fact gone. Noticing this, I sprinted up to the peak of the hill, artfully dodging the many badger and rabbit holes decorating the surface. I turned my head back to see Chris slowly trudging up the slope. I reached the bunker and immediately circled it to look for any evidence to suggest the guy has actually been there. There was none. I clambered on top of the bunker to get a better view of my surroundings. In comparison to the rest of the town I grew up in, this was the lowest highest point of the town. So I could pretty much see all the lower part of the town. But the hilltop was dead. So dead in fact that the silence was almost deafening. There was no sound of the wind, even the regular noise of the sea crashing against the cliff edge seemed to have disappeared. At the time I took no notice of it because I was stoned, I took it to just be the adrenaline silencing any background noise. After rotating in a circle about 5 times it came to my attention that I couldn't see Chris anywhere, all i could see was a couple of kids on the field we ran up from. I called his name and circled again, this time more rapidly. Cursing, I hopped down off the bunker and started to head back down the hill to find Chris, defeated. But then I noticed something else strange. The barred door that was normally padlocked shut was open. Not ajar, but there was no evidence of a padlock, almost like it had never been there. My first thought was that Chris has become enticed by the mystery of an unlocked door that was normally locked, so I followed suit. 

I gently eased the door open, expecting an abnormally loud creaking sound but there was nothing. Like it had been oiled 5 minutes ago, or that it was a new door. The entrance to the bunker was riddled with crushed cans and cigarette butts, where kids had just thrown them. I precariously stepped through the mess which extended for a couple of feet, before the bunker opened up to the main interior. There was no sign of Chris. There was no sign of life either, you'd expect there to maybe a couple of rats or even a fox. But I found nothing like that. The light was fairly poor inside the bunker so I took out my phone to have a better look at my surroundings. What I saw is something I shall not soon forget. 

Now I don't have a large variety of clothes, I'm a fairly simple man but when I saw the exact clothes I was wearing at that moment, sprawled out in front of me, my breath caught in my throat and I fell back against the wall behind me.

“What the fuck,” I exclaimed to no one in particular. Surveying the situation, I didn't know what the hell to think. Had someone been stalking me and left all my personal items here as a message? One hell of an obscure message, what the shit was going on? I noticed that I was breathing quite rapidly now so I started to regain control of my breath, slowing it down gently. I'd been slouched against the wall in the bunker for about 5 minutes now, taking in my surroundings and trying to get a better idea of what this meant. I make a decision and decide to move towards my belongings. To this day I don't understand who put them there but I think I now know why. I'm about to pick up my crumpled shirt what I hear a clanging slam reverberate through the bunker. The door! 
I wave my hands wildly around the surrounding area and throw myself round the corner, where I can plainly see that the barred door has now been padlocked shut. I grip the bars and release a wordless scream. No one replies. I lower my head and rest it against the bars of the door, tears beginning to build behind my eyes. 

“Chris,” I mutter weakly. I gently raise my head and see Chris. He's sat where we were before, as if nothing had happened. He's with someone as well but I can't make out who it is. Suddenly, Chris leaps to his feet and starts to run at full speed, the person he's with doing the same. But it's not me. And then it clicks. 

I'm not sure what is more daunting, the realisation that I've been here longer than I thought or that I'm just stuck in the background like the rest of them.