I work in Carstairs State Hospital for the criminally insane in Scotland. He house the worst of the worst. The most depraved monsters that society has to offer. 90% of the men in here, you won't have heard of. The media is forbidden to report their crimes most of the time as they are far too horrific for public consumption. The crimes that do make the headlines are massively toned down. I could lose my job for disclosing details of past and present patients, but here I am. 

This story I want to tell you is about "The Box Man". You may find snippets about this evil man on the internet but believe me, it'll be massively played down. Here is the he true events. 

It was the late 60s in Glasgows West End. Glasgow was never a stranger to violent crimes and has been home to a lot of horrific murders and depraved attacks over the years. The box man was one such monster that would haunt the city for decades to come. 

Young boys were being sexually assaulted by this stranger for 3 years. The youngest victim being 7 years old and the oldest being 16. The box man used to trawl the city seeking out young vulnerable children who were alone. Possibly on an errand for a friend or a neighbour. He would pull out a small box from under his coat in a dramatic fashion, peaking the child's curiosity. Once he had the child's full interest and attention he would tell the youngster that he had something extremely valuable inside the box and he could only show him what it was if he accompanied him somewhere out of sight of prying eyes. He normally took them to disused shops, office buildings and warehouses but occasionally an alleyway would suffice. 

Once inside his chosen location he would grab the child, showing them a large knife and order them to strip. He would then sexually assault them. It started off as touching the child inappropriately but gradually as time went on, the severity of his crimes increased. 

Children would return home screaming and sobbing about the "Box Man" and what he had subjected them to. This sparked a massive manhunt. Police, parents and even hardened criminals volunteered to help find this despicable person responsible for terrorising the city's children. 

Time dragged on, police had no leads at all. The box man continued his reign of terror on young boys all over Glasgow, his crimes becoming more and more disgusting. 

Jim McPhail. 8 years old. He was found naked running along a main road absolutely hysterical. He had been raped at knife point and his genitals had been mutilated. He made a full physical recovery, but I doubt he would ever get over his ordeal. Police became increasingly desperate. They employed more officers to search for the fiend but still had absolutely nothing to go on. 

Jason Stevenson. 7 years old. Found dead in a disused warehouse in an abandoned industrial estate. He had been raped and beat to death. There was nothing left of his face. Just a bloody mess. He was unrecognisable. 

One day, in 1969 his final crime was the worst of his attacks. It was also the one that got him caught. 

Chris McDade. 16 years old.
Chris had just finished work at a fishmongers when the box man struck. He was walking home after a days work. He was only a few minutes from his mothers house but it was a destination he unfortunately never made. He was lured into an alleyway probably on the promise of money for helping the box man with whatever the hell was in that box. 

Passersby head laughing and ran to the source of the noise. The scene that met them was one of complete depravity. The box man had raped the young man and proceeded to stab him over and over again. Chris had over 150 stab wounds on his face, neck and torso. His genitals and anus completely mutilated by the box mans knife. The box man was sitting next to the boy laughing maniacally while licking blood off of his own fingers. 

He was sent to Carstairs without limit of time. He would die there at the hands of another psychopath. He was strangled and had his eyes gouged out.

Ironic really, as they never found young Chris's eyes.