I've been posting to this subreddit for a few years now. It began as a way of venting; turning intangible frustrations to fleshy words that might be better digested, creating something I had some measure of control over. 

Like so many stories, mine are inspired by things that happen in the strangeness that is reality. Stories of dopplegangers, and aliens, ghosts, and haunted objects, all spun from threads of truth in my life. Today, I want to do something different. I want to share those real things that have happened to me, that have made me so keen on the creepy, so preoccupied on the paranormal. 

Maybe it'll be a series and maybe not. Either way, I hope you share your own experiences. In this way I hope we find community and kinship in the fact that those strange things that keep us sleepless may not be fiction.

The earliest encounter I can remember happened was when I was five, a scary few weeks in which my mom was acting strangely. My mom is a kind soul, hardworking, and the light of my life. So when she began speaking to us only to berate us, when she started keeping herself in her room, when she stopped cooking and cleaning (two things she finds therapeutic), when she would have fits of bellowing laughter in the middle of the night, my family grew concerned. From what they tell me, we first feared it was something psychological. But nothing the doctor could provide pointed to this, and any time she was brought in she would behave normally. When she stopped going to church, my Dad started having other suspicions, and so called his childhood friend to come and have a look at Mom.

In Filipino culture, we call even unrelated family friends Uncle and Auntie by default. Uncle Carmelo was no exception. He was also the Filipino equivalent of a witch-doctor, which we call "Quack-Doctors." The moment Uncle Carmelo stepped inside the house, he was all business. A smile fading from his lips, his eyes scanning the living room and then, as if seeing through the wall, directly upstairs to the master bedroom where my mom was waiting, he gave us commands. This part I remember vividly. He asked me to get a small sauce pan, my dad to grab a lighter, my brother to go upstairs and wait with my mom, and my sisters to open all the windows in the house. He went to his car and returned with a bundled plant, which today I suspect was sage. Taking the saucepan from me and the lighter from my dad, he set the sage on fire, placed it in the pan so that the flame smoldered, and proceeded in each room of the house muttering under his breath with the small entourage of myself, my dad, and my sisters following closely behind him.  

The next part I only know because my brother and dad recounted it. My sisters and I were not allowed in the master bedroom, where my dad had drawn two chairs between the night stand and placed them in the middle of the room. They described how Uncle Carmelo sat opposite my mom, the smoky-sage pan on the nightstand, how Uncle Carmelo asked my mom questions and how she seemed unreasonably angry at his presence. Then how Uncle Carmelo grabbed my mom's hand and placed the smoldering sage in her palm, how, between the silk curtains of smoke, my mother's face went from painless indifference, to a pained shock. The thing about it is, when the pain came, they say her face changed. Not like she contorted in anger or surprise, but that her face literally changed, that, in the instant of pain, she was not my mom, but was, I later learned, wearing the face of my estranged aunt.

It turns out my mom had made a business with an aunt who lived two hours north. The business went south a few years before, and my aunt blamed everything on my mom. This aunt is so disliked by our family, they won't even name her for me. It turns out, this aunt dabbles in magic from the old country. The best Uncle Carmelo could say was that my mom was possessed by this aunt. He did some cleansing rituals and prayers with her and my mom was back to normal. The whole ordeal left her invigorated for closeness with God, kept our family as near the church community as possible. I can thank my nameless aunt for years of early Sunday mornings spent fighting sleep and boredom in a church pew.

There seems to be a running theme with faces in my family. When I was 11, I had my first existential crisis. It dawned on me, awful and heavily, that I would die one day, that all my family would. I resolved to ask my brother and mom that, if they should pass before me, they make their best effort to tell me that there's "something there." That we don't go black and blank and unknowing. I asked for this while crying in my parents bed, my brother holding me, my mom stroking my face.

What I remember is this: my brother said something to me that finally made me smile, and then we all started laughing, and then, quite suddenly, they weren't laughing anymore. Instead, they looked at me like I was doing something wrong. I remember that so clearly; it was as if they caught me masturbating or lighting a cat on fire. They just stared and stared. I learned later from my brother that, while laughing, my face started to "swirl." I imagine it was something like the whirlpool of a draining bathtub. From what my brother says, from my nose, the rest of my features spiraled so that my eyes were long slits along my cheek and my laughing mouth was somewhere near where my eyebrow should be. It still gives me goosebumps just thinking about it. My mom claims not to remember, although I can still see her then, in my minds eye, jumping off the bed, grabbing her Bible, and praying over me.

My brother wasn't always so good to me. I posted a story here before, titled "I can't look my brother in the eyes anymore," where my brother is replaced by a murderous doppleganger. The truthful part in that story is this: when I was seven, and my brother would babysit me, he'd do things just to scare me. Sometimes he'd yell for me from the kitchen and I'd find him on the floor, smeared in ketchup, a knife seemingly stuck inside him (it was under his arm), sometimes he'd just lock me in a dark closet and mock me with spooky laughter, sometimes he'd just stare at me wordless for whole minutes before grabbing me in a choke-hold. One night, he called me calmly from the kitchen and I came downstairs to find him sitting at the table, no ketchup, no knife, but with a book in hand. He told me to stand at the far end of the living room. I did so. Then he told me to hike up the back of my shirt, and I did so. Then he said, "tell me when you feel something."

To put the distance in perspective, I stood 25 feet (~7.5m) away from him. But turned around, shirt up, and 25 feet away, I felt his finger tips run along my back. When I turned around a second after, he was still seated at the kitchen counter, smiling a wicked smile. No way he had run back in time, no way he had used a long stick to scratch at my back. He just sat there with his little book. I found it later. It was this battered paper back about, and this is my seven year old reader's comprehension, witchcraft. If I ask him about it today, he'll still just smile that stupid, wicked smile. I still don't know what he did to me.

I mentioned aliens before. I am fascinated by their possibility. The Drake equation alone should be reason to soundly speculate their existence, but for me, there was never a question about it; at age six, my whole family saw a UFO. It was a black delta, those three bright lights in triangle formation, it was floating above our neighborhood, and we weren't the only ones who saw it. I remember the barbecue aroma in the backyard, that smell of steak sizzling over coals, my dad at the grill, my sisters sitting in the yard a few feet away doing homework. My oldest sister saw it first, yelled for my Dad, pointed skyward, and we all watched as, slowly, the three lights floated against the dark evening for five minutes before shooting away at impossible speed. I remember our neighbors directly behind us, specifically the Mom of their family, yelling, asking us if we were seeing it, how her husband came out to see about the fuss. Then I remember running inside for my mom and brother, and crying my eyes out because I thought "they" (the aliens) were coming for us. I remember how my second oldest sister tried to calm me down when she found me hiding in her room. She said, "Oh yeah, the news said they were just helicopters." 

I'm 27 now and I still remember the fear of abduction. What's funny is that, maybe, I've already been abducted. I was driving home from a party three years ago when I saw it. It wasn't a delta, but a weird blue orb. I was coming down a hill that connects to my street, and in the front yard of the second house on a cul de sac halfway down, a big and bright orb shown, about five feet in circumference, hovering a few feet off the ground. I remember seeing it and immediately being overcome with violent shivers. I was transfixed, operating a moving vehicle, and the next thing I knew, I was at the stop sign at the bottom of the hill. I don't remember tearing my eyes away from the thing. I don't remember stopping the car at the stop sign. All I can recall is the bright blue shine, my awful tremors. In that instant, I wasn't even thinking of UFO's or aliens. My body's natural reaction, instead of wonder or confusion, was cold fear.

And now I remember, about age 14, waking up in the dead of night and hearing a strange sound throughout my house. It was as if my whole house was pulsing. I remember walking from my room to my hallway and feeling as if I definitely shouldn't be up right now. The weirdness of that sound that made the hallway feel as though it was expanding and contracting, and I remember how, and this is uncharacteristic of my family, all the bedroom doors were closed. Usually my older sisters and my parents have their doors open no matter what. My sister insists upon it as my Dad has bad sleep apnea and she likes to keep an ear out for when he goes too long without a breathing snore. She has us all keep our doors open, just in case. But when I woke up to the sound, the feeling, of the house pulsing, the doors were closed, and what's more, looking at my parents bedroom door, it occurred to me that I didn't want to open it. I wouldn't want to find what was inside. And despite the fact that I woke up needing to pee, I seemed to decide against it, turned around, closed my door (which I normally kept open), and, I think, went to sleep.

And, finally, though this is nowhere near my last true scary memory, I remember once, probably that same year, playing Counter-Strike to the early morning. It was a school night and I didn't give a fuck. In those early days of CS addiction, my mom liked to poke in my room to tell me to sleep. This night, I assumed that was what was happening. I remember being severely frustrated about a match on Dust2, where some asshole and I were the last standing. He started shanking the walls, indicating a round ending knife fight, to which I obliged, only to be gunned down by the son of a bitch when I showed up in CT spawn (seriously, it's been 14 years and I still fucking hate this guy). To blow off steam, I went to a surf server and, halfway through the obstacle, I feel a tap on my shoulder. I remember saying, "In a minute mom..." and a few seconds later, a double tap. I didn't turn around until maybe five seconds later, when I fell to my death and re-spawned at the start of the course. I looked around, expecting my mom to be staring at me disapprovingly, perhaps holding a slipper to smack me with, but found no one in the room. I got up to check the hallway and she wasn't there either. I walked to her room and found her and my dad sound asleep. I checked on both of my sisters and they were asleep, too. My brother, at this point, was stationed out of town. I never found out who / what it was.

So I leave you with this; neither I nor my family have a history of mental illness. I am an atheist now, and believe only in scientific reason. I have a bachelors degree from a reputable university and in my spare time study quantum and astrophysics for fun. I am of the opinion that most paranormal experience comes from the evidence of our senses, which are fallible to any number of physiological variables. But I stand here today unable to explain any of what has brought me to a place like this, telling scary stories to help bring some sense out of what has happened to me. I don't ask that you believe me. All I ask is that you share your scary memories with me.