(This is a long one boys and girls)

So I'll get the mandatory "This was not today" part out of the way. This was about two months ago and took place over a series of weeks, each one shittier than the last.

I don't like going out of my comfort zone, bad things always happen. I once landed a lead role in a musical production of Chicago. I had an asthma attack on stage on the first night. See my point? Being outgoing sucks big fat hairy fucking chimp balls.

So it's no surprise I really didn't want to go to South America for my friend's pre-wedding holiday. But noooooo says my therapist, it'll be good for you. Get out there, breath in some of that heavily corn scented air and get balls deep in some sweet brown sugar.

She didn't say either of those things, but I wasn't listening so who the fuck knows.

I eventually gave into the peer pressure and agreed. Took me about two days to pack, I don't normally travel so I wasn't prepared for this. I had to pay for a passport too, which fucked me off right from the start.

Now, I didn't know Mexico had such a massive aversion to fruit. I get that they have a lot of it, but I lack even the most superficial agriculture knowledge so I wasn't really thinking when I packed some apples. I like apples, mostly because apparently eating one a day makes your jizz taste like fruit, which my girlfriend is fine with.

That was a joke, I don't have a girlfriend. Nor have I tested the taste of my jizz.

But long story short, Mexican customs found my apples and freaked the fuck out. They confiscated the rest of my shit under the impression it may have been contaminated by fruit flies or something. They seemed to realise, however, that I was not physically or mentally durable enough to be a real threat to the country. So they let my go on with my friends, *minus my stuff*. They said I'd get it back on my way home.

My friends consoled me by saying I'd totally get some more clothes in Mexico. I was imagining a poncho or something. It didn't happen. Just another way the universe has disappointed me.

Our first location was Cabo San Lucas, which is a nice place. It's pretty small though, and I couldn't find anywhere that sold clothes because no one bothered to learn fucking Spanish. I ended up going to a market on the beach that sold a random array of things.

So now my wardrobe consisted of my airplane clothes, a triple XL orange tradesman shirt, several pairs of extravagantly coloured elastic "booty shorts" which I thought were boxers, and a wafer thin singlet that said *sport* in Curlz font.

And off we went, five rapscallions in a place that almost unanimously hates us. I rocked my Curlz singlet and booty shorts for the rest of Cabo San Lucas, but decided to switch to my unbelievably large fluorescent orange shirt once we mosied on down into Guatemala.

Has any here ever been to Guatemala? Very pretty. Impossible to take in though, because it's so fucking hot that my balls felt like they'd distended about eight inches and were rolling freely around my floral shorts.

So we went to a bar for some drinks, and some "pussy" as my less eloquent friend pointed out. No vagina for me though, I was too busy trying to shake the fucking mosquitoes out of my shirt. They were entering through my massive sleeves, and the shirt was so large they could float freely underneath it. A few girls laughed at this, so I was like "Sweet, pity sex."

Turns out they were prostitutes. Some skinny Guatemalan dude walked up a few minutes later and was like "Hey, my girls would like to spend some time with you." I didn't want to get syphilis so I was unwilling to have sex with them, but I also didn't want to piss off a man with veiny temples. You know someone is not to be fucked with if they have veiny temples.

So I just sat at a table with these girls and bought them drinks. They didn't speak any english, so it was mostly just them talking to each other while I waited for the clock to tick over. I then shook their hands and paid the pimp, who found the whole situation very amusing.

About a week passes, and at this point we're well into South America. We ended up taking a little crop duster looking plane into Peru, because we wanted to see Machu Picchu.

My friends had to go without me though, BECAUSE I WAS BITTEN BY ONE OF THE MOST VENOMOUS SPIDERS IN SOUTHERN FUCKING AMERICA.

The Brazilian Wandering Spider. Waltzed right in to our hotel and bit me on the thigh, I woke up immediately and sprinted out the room screaming appropriately. This shit must have happened a lot, because the old lady in charge practically had the antivenom in her back pocket. 

So thankfully I didn't die, but I did spend the following two days in bed paler than the royal family's cock meat.

But I wouldn't let this stop me from seeing Macchu Picchu, even if my friends had fucked off without me. I waited for them to come back, then announced I'd be going with another tourist party.

However, I wasn't aware that the walk to Macchu Picchu from where we were staying was about 9 fucking hours. So by the time we got to the peak across from the ruins, I was crying harder than the first time I watched Forrest Gump.

Not from the view though, because guess what? A fog front had moved in that day. No ruins, no trees. Nothing. Just gray, like my fucking life.

We waited for hours and it didn't let up, so we eventually headed back. When we got back to the hotel I looked up a few pictures of Macchu Picchu on my phone in pathetic compensation, then had probably one of the saddest masturbation sessions of my life.

Another week passed, and we were set to head home. Mexican customs had sent my luggage back home, so at least I was travelling light.

But, good reader, my unfortunate tale didn't end so peacefully. As I was walking along the tarmac to the plane, a thin shard of glass slide right through the rubber of my sandal and into the sole of my foot. I had to be taken to the infirmary, and consequently missed my flight. The next one was four hours from then.

You'd think that a guy with crutches and a poorly bandaged foot would have a seat to himself, but I ended up sat between possibly the largest Hispanic man I'd ever seen, and the most pungently odoured child on the planet.

This man was at least 350 pounds, and didn't seem to even know I was sat next to him. And the kid, Christ the kid. She smelled roughly how I imagine a yeast infection on a homeless woman who just shat herself smells.

God knows how long I spent in that hell, so once I finally got home I was looking forward to some much deserved peace and comfort.

But nah, my foot turned out to be horribly infected. Spent the next few days in hospital, almost lost the foot.

Now I'm home, and guess what? I'm not going to the wedding. Fuck him.

TL;DR Went to South America, lost my luggage, accidentally cross dressed, gave all my money to a pimp, almost died from a spider bite, DIDN'T see Macchu Picchu, and then suffered a massive infection.