So, for the last couple weeks I've had some *thing* on the end of my tongue. I'm clumsy and bite my tongue/lips/cheeks pretty often, so initially I shrugged it off as a skin tag/flap that would heal on its own. 

It didn't. 

Last night I could feel it and in my anxiety at having this *thing* on my tongue, I tried tugging at it. It was about a centimeter long, pure white, and seemed to stretch when I got a grip on it- which isn't easy given the slippery nature of the tip of your tongue. It looked almost like a tiny white leech. 

After a bit of tugging it POPPED off. Great! Instant relief.

Then the overwhelming taste of copper.

My mouth was flooding with blood from a tiny hole on the tip of my tongue.

In my panic, I dropped the specimen into the sink and began vigorously swishing my mouth with water, dabbing my profusely bleeding tongue with a towel, anything to attempt to stymie the bleeding. 

Brushing my teeth seem to do the trick, and relieved I returned to my room and tried googling to figure out what the hell it was. 

I think it was some kind of worm, like a parasite worm. Oh **GOD**! That's one of my *worst* fears.

To be fair, I've done a bit of traveling (Hong Kong, major cities throughout Japan, Seoul, Tijuana, etc) and I *am* an adventurous eater. I've had raw beef, live shrimp, pig colon, shirako, raw horse, etc. it's absolutely within the realm of possibility that I ate something *infested* and have been harboring unwanted Hitchhikers for who knows how long. But finding one on my TONGUE?! Fucking gross, man! What the fuck?!

Now I'm feeling repulsed and paranoid at work until I can go to the doctor on my next day off. Visions of polyps in my brain or muscle haunt me. That day off won't come soon enough. 

TL;DR- found a weird white thing on my tongue. Pulled on it, it popped off and my tongue started bleeding profusely. I lost the specimen in my panic and am now convinced I have parasitic worms. No sample to show my doctor when I can get to her. Totally grossed out and panicked.