“Fifty Shades of Vomit”

It was a night. Probably a Tuesday night. Brian was watching television, as people with names are sometimes prone to do. Virgins. As nerdy virgin forever-alones are prone to do. His flaccid nerd cheeks sank into the couch as beads of swamp ass dripped into a leather oblivion. Another unproductive night of summer, another ten minutes before jerkin’ it and off to bed.

But wait, suddenly Brian heard the door handle jiggle. Had his roommate come home? Feeling the tingle of mischievousness like the quiet pin pricks before a storm of gout, he launched himself off of his sofa chair and turned off the television. Diving under the pull-out sofa bed in the living room, he hoped to get the drop on his roommate and scare the shit out of his shit-faced shit face. 

Much to Brian’s surprise, the door flung open to giggling and the acrid smell of wet dog. Brian’s roommate had apparently not returned alone from the briny inebriated depths of the local bars, but had caught some fresh tail. Fresh being a relative term, as this particular piece of tail looked bloated from sepsis and thirty-odd years of poor lifestyle choices.

Her face was less than vomit inducing, like if miss piggy had a rat snout and was slathered with five pounds of playdough in lieu of makeup. Brian, already hiding, felt he should wait until they went upstairs to make his strategic escape. Sadly, this they did not do.
 
The roommate began caressing the many folds on the back of her neck while his other hand slid down to her moist cock dungeon. The amorous duo became entangled like shaved chimps trying to escape suffocation inside a wet garbage bag. They knocked over a lamp as they fell down onto the recliner not five feet from Brian’s sofa. 

Consumed by fetid lust, neither of them so much as glanced across the room to see a man’s innocence being destroyed in the reflection of his regretfully open and well-focused eyes. 

Her panties slipped off onto the floor like a wet deflated party balloon that had been blown up too many times. Her ankle folds undulated as her thick pelvis worked its magic behind an obfuscating mountain of flesh. 

She worked her way up and down on his now likely unconscious roommate’s flaccid screaming cock. 

She moaned as he entered her, like a whale singing when another whale hog slams it because it’s too drunk to run or whatever it is whales do when they get down. The smell was overwhelming, like the whole room had been soaked in sweat and a belt sander made of hairy taint was being held against his sinuses. His fingers held his nose like a desperate sailor holding closed the compression hatch on a sinking submarine, but to no avail. 

Her veiny cellulite addled thighs slapped together like two slimy sacks of vacuum packed rice as her head tilted back and her jaw dropped open. The road map of veins on her long wrinkled titties pulsed in ecstasy, beginning the launch sequence of her squirting orgasms. 

Gallons of spooge mixed with taint stink and Elmer’s glue began dripping from her crotch like a bucket of egg yolks, spilling onto the couch. The rancid stink of their demonic ritual now encompassed the room entirely, causing Brian to wretch and vomit. How any human could produce such a volume of fluid was beyond comprehension.

Brian’s brain had long since given up on interpreting what plebeians like us would call “reality”. Brian was currently dancing through a field of daisies and singing with birds but the birds weren’t making normal bird sounds… they were making weird squealing noises… almost like a baby. 

Brian opened his eyes again to see the morbidly obese gal on her back in front of the sofa chair. His roommate was snoring, but that wasn’t the source of the noise. The squealing of a baby could be heard over the whale song of the promiscuous sow. The fat skank had broken her water and been giving birth for the last couple of hours. Brian passed out again.

When he woke up for the last time, the she-beast and his roommate were gone. The floor and sofa looked like a highway accident between a sewage treatment truck and a shipping crate full of rotten chicken parts. What had happened? Did his roommate really bring home a fat skank and let her ride him before blasting out a baby and cheesing it? 

Brian would never find out, because he immediately ran up the stairs to his room and shot himself in the head 6 times with a revolver. He blew out his brains with the first shot, the rest of his body just wanted to make sure.