*Thanks to /u/BookWyrm17 for the [prompt](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/586odt/wp_this_morning_your_cat_vanished_without_a_trace/).*

---

Sonia paced back and forth through the room, trying to think of any other place the the cat could've hid in. Having checked the cauldrons, the herb cabinet, and every single one of her cloaks a few times each, she was running out of ideas. With a frustrated groan, the girl collapsed onto the bed. She took another look at the various tomes opened on information about search charms, but her mind refused to process the complex rune arrangements and archaically named ingredients. All of the easy ones either hadn’t worked or required a piece of the “object” in question. Without any warning, a furry black body fell right on top of Sonia, hissing loudly.

“Oscar!” she shouted, squeezing him tightly. “Why did you hide? If Madam Anna found out I lost you, she’d kick me out for sure!”

Sonia held the furry creature on outstretched arms. The smile on her face changed into a frown.

“Well? I’m waiting for an answer.”

She was prepared for another lecture on how an ancient spirit so graciously helping her as an assistant didn’t need to answer that, but the cat only meowed in response. 

“Oh, you’re not going to get away with just that. Come on, out with it! I spent the entire day looking for you. That disappearing trick you pulled in the morning was really mean.”

The girl’s questions and accusations were met with only more seemingly confused meowing. No matter how much she tried, Sonia could not get a single coherent word out of her once so talkative companion.

“This looks bad.” She let out a deep sigh. “Seems like we’ll need to go see her anyway. Come on, Oscar.”

Sonia carefully lowered the cat to the floor, put on her new green cloak, and routinely filled its inner pockets with a few useful herbs. Stopping by the door, she took one glance at the mirror. Her short brown hair was neatly combed as usual. The cloak matched her eyes and, after the few cuts she had given it yesterday, fit pretty well. Sonia was short, even for her age, so not many believed she was really an apprentice to a witch as famous as Madam Anna. Even the signature brooch in the form of a sparrow was not enough to convince some people. Wasting no more time, she carefully picked Oscar up again, and stepped out of the door of her hut.

The giant oaks stood proudly around her, obscuring what little light the evening sun provided. As a few droplets of rain hit the girl’s face, she groaned, quickly tucked the cat under her cloak, and pulled her hood up. Though the trees made it hard to see the path, they thankfully also stopped a large portion of the rain. Sonia wasn’t afraid of losing her way, not even in the twilight around her. Madam Anna made sure her apprentice knew the forest very well and could take care of herself, even if that meant leaving a young girl alone several days of walking away from the nearest village. Compared to some of the lessons, this journey was almost pleasant.

After a good hour of navigating the little paths and trails, Sonia stood in front of an old house on the edge of a small clearing. It looked as if it had grown into the forest itself. The walls merged with the trees behind it, and the moss, which grew on the dark wood, gradually molded with the thick grass on the ground. Smoke spiraled out of the chimney, rising far up to the sky. The girl took a few deep breaths, nodded to herself and approached the large oaken door.

The first few knocks were ignored. Sonia followed up with another series of frantic hits on the wood. Still, no one answered. As she raised her hand for another attempt, the girl heard a familiar low-toned yet distinctly feminine voice, speaking slowly and articulating each word.

“If you make another noise, I won’t hesitate to turn you into the most hideous creature I can devise. And whoever you are, I assure you my imagination far surpasses yours. Now leave, I do *not* accept visitors this late.”

“Madam Anna, it’s me, Sonia,” the girl answered, hugging Oscar a bit too tightly under her cloak.

Something resembling an annoyed sigh creeped through the cracks in the door, followed by the sounds of footsteps. The door swung open and Sonia felt a rush of hot heavy air wash over her. Madam Anna looked like a woman in her early thirties, but that was nowhere near true. Curvy figure, smooth skin, well-shaped face, Sonia had heard many remarks on her mentor’s beauty, even if it was rarely in the woman’s presence. Some put down that appearance to witchcraft, but the truth was much more simple. The slight blue tint of her skin, the almost unnoticeable backwards curve of her ears, and the nearly unbearable hotness of the room betrayed it. Fae folk enticed humans with their looks from ancient times after all, and even a half-blood possessed a part of that power.

The woman was dressed in a simple black dress that matched the colour of her hair. In her right hand she held an opened letter, in the left — the end of a pipe nearly half as long as Sonia’s arm. Her grip on both was relaxed, almost lazy. The mouthpiece of the pipe was held firmly between the witch’s milky-white teeth. Higher than most human men and women, Madam Anna practically loomed over the young girl, staring her down with her amber eyes.

“You’d better have a good reason,” she said, squinting her eyes.

“I think something’s wrong with him.” Sonia pulled Oscar out from under her outdoor clothing, prompting an annoyed meow from the animal. “He disappeared for most of the day. I only found him about an hour ago and he hasn’t said a word since.”

Staring directly at the cat, Madam Anna tapped the pipe with her index finger a few times. Oscar returned the glare silently. Finally, she sighed again, stepped away from the door, and took the pipe out of her mouth.

“Come in. You know how much I hate the cold.”

Sonia rushed inside and closed the heavy door behind her. The entire back wall of the room, except for a small door leading further into the house, was taken up by a fireplace roaring with an unnatural blue flame that didn’t even char the wood. The heat instantly made Sonia sweaty. She took off the cloak and hung it up beside the entrance. The rest of the walls were lined with bookcases and cabinets. Many jars, full of rare and powerful ingredients, stood on the shelves, waiting for their time and place to save a life or take one. A few bronze cauldrons with an assortment of tools stood in the corner. Sonia often wondered how expensive they were, but iron was obviously not an option for someone with fae folk blood.

“So, you’re saying he’s been silent for all this time?” The witch had already left the letter and the pipe on the small table by the fireplace and was rummaging through one of the cabinets.

“Yes, aside from meowing and hissing that is.”

The half-fae placed the empty palm of her right hand before her lips and lightly puffed. A blue flame began dancing above it, encircled with glowing runes. Sonia watched with bated breath. By now, she was well familiar with witchcraft, the magic of using rare and carefully prepared ingredients by boiling, burrowing, or burning. It relied on the combination of the arcane runic language and the primal elements of fire, water, or earth to draw out power sleeping within the components.

Yet what unfolded before Sonia was something much more rare: a combination of witchcraft with sorcery, the wild and dangerous art of fae folk that commanded the primal elements through sheer force of will. Where human witches would have to rely on tools inscribed with a limited array of runes to ignite the ingredients, Madam Anna commanded the fire itself to draw the formula for her. This ability is what had earned the half-fae witch her fame, and unfortunately for Sonia, it was the only thing that couldn’t be taught.

As the fire on her palm calmed down, the witch threw the prepared mixture of herbs into it and watched thick clouds of smoke weave around her arm. After a few seconds, they formed into a serpentine creature. The smoke beast slid off to the ground and slithered towards Oscar. As it lapped around Oscar’s neck, Sonia rushed to him, but Madam Anna firmly held her by the shoulder. Soon the serpent left the black cat, who was now looking even more confused, and returned to its summoner. She gently picked it up and brought up to her face. Having hissed something into the woman’s ear, the creature dissipated back into a dark cloud.

“Well, this is unusual,” Sonia’s mentor said after a long pause. “The spirit is growing weaker and weaker. If this continues, he’ll die and all that will be left is the cat he once were. A familiar summoned by me should not disappear so easily.”

“I…” Sonia felt her heart beating faster. “I didn’t do anything! I swear! I would never—”

“Of course you didn’t,” the half-fae scoffed. “You’re not even a witch yet. It would take much more than that to meddle with my work. Besides, I’ve seen similar signs of… weakening in other charms and hexes of mine. Someone or something is interfering.”

After a long silence Sonia didn’t dare to disrupt, the woman continued:

“In any case, I don’t have the time for this. I’ve received an invitation to the capital, the royal palace to be exact.” She pointed at the letter still lying on the table. “In any other situation, I would ignore such a thinly-veiled order, but the issue is a time-sensitive one and may have consequences I simply can’t ignore.”

“So, he’ll have to stay like this until you return? But...” Sonia crouched down to pick up Oscar again. “What if he can’t make it?”

For the first time since Sonia entered the room, Madam Anna smiled.

“Must you always rely on me, Sonia?” she asked with a slight chuckle.

“Wh-what do you mean?”

“Take matters into your own hands. North from here, in the Spearhead Mountains, lives my old friend Alkor. If he can’t help you, I’m not sure even I can. The trip shouldn’t be a problem for you.” The smile quickly faded from the witch’s face. “Or am I wrong?”

Sonia gulped. Spearhead Mountains were farther than anywhere she had ever been from the forest. Furthermore, the road lay through Dead Man’s Bog and a few towns in the lands of Marhur where witchcraft was punishable by death. She felt that familiar sinking feeling that came over her each time her mentor gave her a new seemingly impossible goal, but Sonia knew what refusing would mean. Many others were probably eagerly waiting to fill her shoes.

“I’ll do it,” she said, trying to stop her hands from shaking.

“I admire your enthusiasm.” Madam Anna picked up her pipe and reignited it. “But you’ll need at least this to find him.”

The witch reached into another cabinet, pulled out a shining object, and tossed it towards Sonia. It was a scale like that of a snake or a lizard, but as big as the girl’s hand and seemingly made out of solid gold. Though she never held one personally, Sonia recognized it straight away.

“Does this mean your friend is a...”

“Dragon? Yes, they are quite knowledgeable in these matters.”

The girl suppressed a yelp.

“Don’t be scared, Sonia. He won’t touch my apprentice; I’ve told him all about you.”

“You…” Sonia’s eyes went wide. “You talked about me with your old friend? And a dragon no less?”

“Don’t get cocky. He was curious, so I told him. That’s it.” The fae put on her velvet cloak and began packing ingredients into it. “Oh, you’ll probably also need this.”

The woman reached behind one of the cabinets and pulled out an object resembling a lamp and a small pouch. The upper part of the device looked like a glass flask with holes for adding ingredients and letting out smoke. The lower part consisted of a bronze tripod and several large rotatable discs with runes carved into them. All in all, it was unmistakably a witchcraft lamp, which meant the pouch was likely full of ignition agent.

“You know earth witchcraft well and your brewing is adequate, not that you will be able to lug a runed cauldron around on your way to the mountains.” The witch handed the items to Sonia. “Time for you to get some practice with this too.”

“Does that mean?” The girl carefully took the lamp, as if it was made of the most delicate material imaginable.

“Of course not! Make it back, show me what you’ve learned, and maybe you’ll earn the right to call yourself a witch. Until then, you’re still just an apprentice.” She checked the pockets of her cloak one more time. “I suppose I should get going. You can take anything else you need from the house.”

The woman walked up to the front door, opened it, and stopped for a second.

“The road is dangerous, so stay safe out there, Sonia.” For a moment her voice got a bit softer than usual, but soon the half-fae regained her composure. “I’d be ashamed if my apprentice died so easily.”

Having said that, Madam Anna walked out into the dwindling rain, leaving Sonia and Oscar alone.

---

*Constructive criticism, general impressions, questions, and comments are all very much welcome and appreciated. Enjoyed the story? Check out /r/Pyronar for more of my writing. Also, there may be a part 2, so stay tuned. Until next time! :)*