Little Susie lay on hear bed wide awake. She used to be able to fall asleep in spite of any disturbance.  But things had changed once “It” had shown up. Today there was a thunderstorm raging outside. The darker the night was, the higher were the chances of “It” showing up. She had seen the thing for the first time about 3 months back. Her mother had moved from their previous home so that she could be closer to her new boyfriend. Susie had hated moving out from their old home. She had to leave all of her friends and not to mention the memories of her dad also. Their old home had been the last place where her father had spent time with her before suddenly disappearing. 


Susie remembered that day clearly, she had just come home from school. She saw her dad sitting near the coffee table speaking to his mother in a loud voice. They usually spoke in loud voices, so it was not new to her that they were making a big ruckus. But today seemed different. It always started with loud voices, and slowly the voices came down, but today they kept growing. She had to run to her room and lock the door and close her ears as hard as she could. She thought if she went out after a couple of hours everything would be ok. She started searching where her father was. Her mother came over to her, hugged her and said “Daddy is hiding somewhere far. He will come back when the time is right”. It had been 6 months since then; her dad had yet not shown up.  Over that time her mother had changed, she didn’t want to play anymore with Susie. She refused to give her any attention and behaved violently when Susie tried to cheer her up.


Around 3 months back, when Susie came back from school she saw her mother talking to someone and laughing. It had been a while since her mother had smiled. Susie was happy that her mother was happy again. Maybe this meant that she would play with her again. Her mother came over to her and said, “Susie! This is Ryan. He really wanted to meet you”. Ryan smiled at Susie and said, “Hi there Sweetie! You are much cuter than your mother said!” Susie was confused. She knew that her father was going to come back anytime soon, and he hated it when her mother invited her friends to spend time with her. Last time he had gotten really angry when her friend was talking with her mom in their bedroom. If he saw Ryan this time, she would be even angrier.


That night after Ryan had left; Susie tried to reason with her mother asking her to make Ryan to leave.  She explained how her dad might not like him being here. Her mother just grabbed her by the arm and whispered menacingly, “Your father is not coming back. And you will not follow in his footsteps and mess with my happiness. I have suffered enough for this family and Ryan makes me happy, you will not do anything to screw up our relationship. You understand?” Susie shook her head in agreement with tears in her eyes. Her mother was really angry and why did she say that her father would not return back?  Her mother had changed a lot since her father left.
	Everything became even worse when, they had to move to Ryan’s house. It was so far away from her school, this meant that she would have to go to a new school and make new friends. As much as she hated it, she could not bring herself to tell her mother this. Her mother would just yell at her even more. Ryan was smiling that day, when he saw them driving into the neighborhood with all their stuff. Somehow to Susie his smile was evil. But it could have just been her imagination, because of how upset she was right now. As Ryan walked them through the house, Susie was just looking slightly uncomfortable. It felt like something was here. Something that was watching her every move. But all she could see was Ryan and her mother looking at her.


“I was asking do you like your new room Sweetie?” Ryan said. “Answer him, when he asks you something!” Her mother snapped. “Now, now, there is no reason to yell at her honey. Its ok Susie. Take your time to get adjusted here. Get comfortable in your new room; let me know if you need anything.” Ryan said as he smiled at Susie. Her mother smiled awkwardly, and said “I hope she has not upset you I anyway. She is just getting used to the new place” Susie felt a warmth in Ryan’s smile and yet some coldness behind it. 


She began unpacking her stuff and setup everything, still she felt like something was in the walls looking at her at all times. She felt a chill down her spine. This place was somehow making her uneasy. Behind the bright pink walls and the fluffy bed, it felt like there was something much more sinister in it. It was like the brightly colored walls hid the darkness of the place.


She had felt “It”’s presence as soon as she had move in. That night as she lay in her bed, she heard someone open the door. It was a large hooded figure. It just stood in the corner of the room and kept whispering to itself. Susie was scared. She wanted to yell, but she was scared that “It” would attack her if she did. “It” came closer and whispered Susie’s name a few times in her ear. The voice sounded so weird and yet so familiar. She felt like she had heard this voice already. She yelled as loud as she could, and hid her face under the blankets. After a few minutes, her mother rushed into the room and tried to calm her down. “Its ok Susie. Its ok.” She said “Its just me and Ryan. Tell me what happened”. Susie told her mother how a dark hooded figure had appeared in her room suddenly and had kept making hushed noises. The color drained from her mother’s face. She looked at Ryan, who was covered in sweat himself. She stood up silently, and walked out telling Susie that it was nothing but a bad dream. Ryan walked behind her asking her to talk to her about something, but she kept walking. After sometime Susie had somehow fallen asleep, but she still felt that someone was looking at her.


The next day morning, Susie woke up and found herself with just a blanket and her bed smelling weird. She asked her mother what happened, her mother simply explained that Susie had wet the bed after nightmare last night. And how she had to get Susie out of those wet clothes so that she wouldn’t catch a cold.  Susie felt embarrassed, it had been a long time since she had wet the bed. What Second-grader still wets the bed now? If any of her new friends came to know of this, they would make fun of her. She begged her mother to not tell anyone about it. Her mother looked at her and said “Don’t worry, nobody will know Sweetie. Its our little secret.”  She smiled. Susie felt that her mother looked wired and yet agitated about something. Susie had the same expression whenever she did anything wrong. Was her mother not telling her about something? Susie asked her about the monster that she had seen in her room yesterday night and how it seemed too real to be a dream. “There are no things called monsters” Her mother snapped ”Make sure not to tell this to anyone, People would laugh if they heard that a second grader still believed in monsters. Now be silent! Ryan is still sleeping, And I don’t want you to upset him in anyway”


That night a couple of hours after Susie had gone to bed, “It” had returned. Susie saw it from the corner of her eyes. “It” was poking through the walls for something. What was it looking for? But she still made sure not to make any noise, to prevent from getting any attention. “It” moved to the corner of the room and sat down this time. Susie could hear its raspy breath from under its hood. She thought about what her mother had said, there are no such things called as monsters. Maybe it was just her imagination. She just closed her eyes and tried to go back sleep again.


She woke up the next day with her bed wet again, she also felt pain throughout her body this time. Her mother said she had wet the bed again and nothing else. She got Susie ready and gave her an some medicine to help with the pain. This strange occurrence went on for another couple of months.


The thunder shook Susie from her train of thought, she was jolted back to the present. She had decided to confront “It” today and prove to her mother that “It” was real. She decide to act like she was sleeping, but she kept her eyes open halfway the entire time. And as expected, “It” showed up from the darkness of the hallway. “It” went about poking at the walls first. The lightning that night made something in the wall shine. Was it a camera? Why did “It” have a camera, and why was it able to pull it out of her walls? “It” then again went into the corner, waiting with a raspy breath. But today Susie would not fall asleep, she was ready. She had hid a flashlight in her bed, she whipped it out and shined it at “It”. As “It” shielded its eyes from the sudden brightness, Susie yelled for her mother. She yelled saying that she had captured “It”. Her mother rushed into the room and grabbed the flashlight from her hands. Susie saw that “It” looked like Ryan. Why was Ryan dressed like “It”? Why was he in her room at night and why did he have a camera in his hand. Her mother switched off the flashlight and said “I told you there no such things as monsters. Now,” She nodded towards Ryan, who was wearing a dark hoodie ”Be quiet. I don’t want you to upset Ryan in anyway” She said as she closed the door behind her. In the darkness Ryan whispered “Hi Sweetie….” in the same raspy tone. Susie thought of calling for help, But her mother was right, people would never believe if a child said that she saw a monster in her room. But Susie did not know what else to call him. It wouldn’t matter in the end,  its not like anyone would believe her anyway. Even her mother didn’t.