It seems like every month I have to go through some new bullshit to get my birth control prescription.  I was having it filled at a CVS for over a year and almost every time I needed a new one I had to go fight them for it.  My old prescription had run out and they hadn't applied my new prescription.  I had been removed from the monthly refill service "accidentally" or, my favorite, "at the request of the patient" (absafuckinglutely not true).  

This month, I found out the pharmacy won't give me a refill, despite the fact that I still have 5 or 6 months left on my prescription, because it's been over a year since my last physical.  I didn't know this would be a problem and didn't plan for it.  I can't get in to see a doctor until next Tuesday, I need the medication tomorrow, and even with an appointment on file they won't give me a one month extension.  As if taking my blood pressure is some kind of immediate medical emergency and one extra month of birth control will kill me.  As if this is actually real liability for them.

So I asked if the pharmacist on staff could renew my prescription for me.  I've never tried this before, but the law allowing pharmacists to prescribe birth control went into effect here in California on January 1, 2014.  I figure it shouldn't be that difficult to find a pharmacy that provides this service.  No dice.  No one on staff, or in fact in the entire Rite Aide chain, can provide a birth control prescription.  I called Wallgreens and CVS also, and got a similar answer.  Unlike Rite Aide they do say that their companies are "developing a procedure" for this, but they have yet to roll it out.  I looked it up online and found [this article](http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2016/05/26/478878991/its-still-hard-to-get-birth-control-pills-in-california-without-a-prescription) from May of this year.  How the hell has this not been taken care of before now?  It's been almost *three years* since the law was passed!

I guess this a vent post.  I'm a married woman. My husband and I have been together for 11 years, married for 6, and we've only ever slept with each other.  I don't have any STDs or any risk of catching STDs.  More specifically, I do not have and have no risk of contracting HPV which is the cause of over 90% of cervical cancer cases.  I do not need unnecessary and invasive medical screening, I just don't want to get pregnant at this time in my life.  And I know that some women don't care about the women's wellness exam crap, and that's fine.  You do you.  But I find it uncomfortable, I'm not a fan of the inconvenience, and I don't need it every damn year (I'm not an unreasonable person, I do plan on getting checked every five years as current medical research suggests).  I have an appointment with Planned Parenthood on Tuesday, but I guess it'll be condoms and fun mood swings for me this month.    

**TL;DR** Still can't get a pharmacist to prescribe me birth control, despite the fact that that has been legal in my state for almost 3 years.  Very inconvenient.  More than a little frustrating.