This actually happened today. May be common but I don't think it is. Not many people FU by playing dodgeball. Throwaway in case any of the people at work use Reddit. I doubt it as they go outside. Not taking any chances, mind.

Preface: I'm a teenager, work at a new leisure centre in the area just trying to earn some money to fund my, well, whatever really. I've also played dodgeball for some years so I consider myself not bad.

I help out with the dodgeball on a Saturday morning with two other fellas. It's not bad. Some weeks we have odd numbers, some weeks we have even. This week was an odd week. No problem. As the games go on, I can see one team getting destroyed by the other, which has more players. Being a noble gentlemen, I offer to step in for the short-handed team and try and balance it out a bit. Here's where the FU begins.

The game starts, I hang back a bit and let the kids get on with it. Eventually a loose ball bobbles through to me and I decide to have a crack of the whip. I didn't intend to make anything crack, I promise. I pick up this ball, launch it at what must've been Mach 2 across the court. It's not on target for anyone, thankfully.

Until some kid decides, oh yeh, I can catch this one. Uh no kid, no you definitely can't. He moves straight into the flight-path and then *THWACK!*, shortly followed by *THUD*. Oh shit.

The ball caught him right on the corner of the head and he fell straight to the floor. He didn't move for a few seconds. I thought I'd knocked him out. Then starts the crying. Being a head injury, I obviously have to go get a first-aider to make sure he is okay. No problem. All of the lifeguards are first aid trained. I'll get one of them. I go to reception, ask they send one down, etc etc. 

They didn't send a lifeguard. They sent a supervisor. Great. FU 2.0.

The sup is assessing the little lad and is just trying to talk to him, feel dizzy, tried to catch it, no, yeh, one of those other kids hit you right... 

I turn around and stare straight at the kid. He is staring straight at me. In our small moment together, I can tell straightaway that he is going to end my promising career as dodgeball assistant coach. My dreams of leading England to Dodegball World Cup glory are about to be crushed by a little kid in a green top who has an asteroid-sized lump on his head.

I had a talk with said supervisor and the two other fellas after the session and we all collectively agreed it's probably not good if three experienced blokes are playing dodgeball against kids who we could probably step over. 

Well, damn. At least I didn't kill him, right?

TL;DR: Hit a kid with a dodgeball when I probably shouldn't have been playing dodgeball. Nearly knocked said kid out, won't be playing much dodegball in the near future.