So me and my friend Jake are on a walk in Seattle and me being newly introduced to the city I'm absolutely infatuated with the diversity of women and of course the plethora of opportunity in my midst.
Jake suggests we go get froyo because he wants to show me the UW campus that I'll be studying at in the fall and I'm down so we go. Upon walking down the sidewalk heading towards the froyo place we see two really attractive females one white blonde and one Asian with dark hair, both extremely attractive to me and my friend. We go through the froyo place that they also were going into and we get our yogurt and sit down, they chose a table fairly close to us definitely within ear shot.

Here's where things fuck up.

I've never had much confidence whether it be picking up women or anything to do with dating. My friends all say I'm a fairly attractive guy, 6'0 pack of abs decent build, but I've just not had enough interaction to consider myself "smooth" with the ladies.
Jake insists that it'll be good for me to go up to them and ask for the less attractive asian one's number, suggesting that maybe it'll be easier since it's in a group and will lower chances of getting shot down by the more attractive one. This all being bro-logic and no relevance to the story, actually ended up being true.
Back to the good part.

So I walked over to the table and was going to say something but instead grabbed napkins off the table. SUPER FUCKING AWKWARD. But they didn't even acknowledge or look at me so I assume no harm done I eye fucked them both as I took the napkins.
I sit back down and Jake is laughing at my failed attempt to have a set of nuts so he bets me 10$ against that I could ball out and actually get one of their numbers. Insisting that it will be good for personal development and confidence.

So I hatch this ingenious plan that I'm going to spill some more froyo on the table to have an excuse to get more napkins but here's where things got shaky.
Something told me to grab my cup of Froyo and slam it upside down on the table, effectively alerting the whole froyo place and all it's occupants that I just asserted a decent amount of force and effort purposely flipping over my cup of delicious chocolate cinnamon swirl yogurt (That jake bought mind you) at this point he's crying laughing not sure what the fuck I'm doing or how that was close to necessary. So I get up and start gathering courage, meanwhile chocolate yogurt is melting on the table and making a fucking huge mess. Girls are staring at our table like we're animals because I won't turn around and get napkins but what they don't know is it's because I just don't want to get the balls to talk to them

So Jake says he's giving me two minutes to muster up some balls before he cleans the mess and leaves because at this point he's not sure what the fuck I'm going to do next. Crying laughing but attempting to encourage me I finally decide to make my move.
Now the next few moments I can't explain, Jake was severely confused and still is to the point he woke up laughing later that night about it because that's how fucking distraught he was at the events that occurred from me flipping my yogurt purposely until the end.

So I walk up to the girls and I go to grab the napkins but instead of slide my body acrossed the table and plant my elbow on the table and my head in the palm of my hand, sexy man style. "Hey how is it going ladies" - Me "Hiiiii it's going good what about you" - Blonde, confused and concerned about how stupid I am for using this obvious ploy to talk to them meanwhile froyo is melting all over the table and dripping on floors. "I LOST" - Me
I basically sprinted to the door and tried to open it to escape the froyo place to no avail.
At this point Jake is fucking crying laughing on the booth froyo melting everywhere that I still haven't cleaned up I can only imagine his confusion at what he just witnessed.
We get up and leave and the asian girl is like "Uhh ok" and seems genuinely disappointed I didn't try to finish the conversation and ask for their number, Jake said from his perspective they totally were okay with the approach but in my head I went full fucking panic mode.

TL;DR Slammed my yogurt on table, lost 10$ bet to talk to girls, declared that I lost to the whole yogurt place and effectively failed exiting the situation quickly.