I've been married to my husband Chris for 5 years. I've always gotten along great with his family. His mom and dad are divorced. His mom has a second husband. His father is single. He has two brothers. I get along great with all of them. Chris is very close to his father. 

Recently, my FIL Tony put one of his properties up for sale. It is a bit run down and needed some TLC. He asked me if I would help out as I am an interior decorator. I work freelance so I cleared a whole week from my schedule just for him. For two days I went and met up with Tony at the property to help with redecorating and everything was fine as it always is. Chris came along on the first day but left for a work trip the following day.

The third day we were working on the kitchen. I was showing him some backsplash options when he suddenly grabbed my breast. Just randomly, out of nowhere, leaned forward and squeezed my left breast. He moved his hand away and I was a bit gobsmacked and didn't really know what to say. He just sat there looking at me. I eventually said "Tony, what the fuck?"

He didn't say anything and got up and started holding the backsplash samples and paint samples against the wall. I grabbed my phone and was about to get up and grab my bag and leave when I see Tony swinging the perspex backsplash sample board at me. He hit me in the head and I fell off my chair to the ground.

I think I blacked out for a few seconds. When I came to, he was leaning over me and his hands were up my shirt. I couldn't move and I could feel there was a cut on my head. I think I was involuntarily crying. He started pulling off my pants and as much as I tried to move I couldn't. My mouth wasn't working either. I felt paralyzed and I still can't work out if it was because of the blow to the head or because of what was being done to me. He ejaculated inside me then wiped his penis on my face. Then he pulled up his jeans and went outside.

I lay there on the kitchen floor unable to move. 4 hours passed but I didn't realize this at the time. Eventually Tony came back in. He was dirty from gardening. He grabbed me and stood me up and said "Go home." 

I pulled my clothes back on, grabbed my stuff and went to my car. I was really dizzy and I didn't want to drive but I didn't know what to do. I somehow made my way home. Twice I pulled over to try and steady myself and I clipped a bin pretty badly. 

When I got home I went and sat in the shower and cried. I scrubbed my vagina with soap until it was so tender I could no longer touch it. Then I went and got into bed and cried. I was still really dizzy and my head was throbbing. It was bleeding again from where I rubbed too hard drying off. I must have fallen asleep or passed out again because I woke with a start some time later to my phone ringing. It was Chris.

When I answered he was panicked. He said he'd been trying to call me for hours after Tony rang him to say I fell off the stepladder while painting. Then he scolded me for not having let Tony take me to the ER. He said he was coming back asap.

I started shaking with fear at how quickly Tony had made up a story to cover himself. And I realized I had stupidly washed away his semen and any evidence. 

Chris came back the next morning. He took me to the hospital and they put two stitches in the cut in my head. I haven't told him the truth. I haven't said much at all. He thinks I'm a bit concussed and keeps telling me to go to the doctor again. I haven't told anyone that I'm having trouble hearing from my right ear. I don't know what to do. Why did Tony do this? He has rung a few times to check how I'm doing and to say I should rest and not worry about the rest of the renovations. I washed away the evidence. How will Chris ever believe me? What do I do? Why did this happen?

Editing to share with you all the PM I just received from derpaderpderpaderp -

Subject: "I look another dumb cunt"

Message: "Wash away all the evidence and then wonder why rapists don't get prosecuted. Smooth move dumb ass. Good luck with anything now dumb bitch."