This happened earlier today , the first time shaving was not too bad although it was minor razor bumps so I decided to get ultra sensitive woman's shaving gel and a new razor (which was from when I bought it to now , a week old) to avoid the same mistake as the last. So I had pre anticipated on shaving my legs before because they're extremely hairy and whenever I wear pants , the leg hairs get yanked and pulled on so I thought "why not shave my legs?" So I did it. Took me an hour to completely take off all them little fucks but I did. I first started with "Nair" , if you peeps don't know , it's a product cream that you apply on legs and leave for a few minutes then take it off and it takes off some/most of your hair. For me , it took off some so I used a razor and the "ultra sensitive shaving gel" and went ham on my legs and pubic area. I felt great at first. After my warm shower , a few minor scratches nothing to make a big deal about. 6 hours go by to where it's time for bed , I cannot stop scratching these legs. It's insane. I moisturized after my shower , I did my best to avoid itching all day. Right before bed I applied moisturizer all over and around the legs. I get in bed and scratch the hell out of my legs. I look up some treatments and stuff and all these things like witch leaf or aloe Vera or baby oil are things I do not have. I come across a hot compress towel where basically you drench towel in warm water then you apply on where you have the razor bumps for 5-10 minutes. I do exactly that but I have the razor bumps everywhere. As soon as I apply the towel wrapped around my legs , it starts to feel better , until the towel begins getting cold. So there I am panicking thinking this is my last day to live before I scratch my legs to stumps ! I hop in bathroom and give myself a hot ass bath trying to delay my death. I have no ingredients and I do not know what to do or how to fix this. It is currently 3:30 AM and I'm in my tub with an aching, irritating , burning sensation on my legs. If anybody could help I'd be very grateful 

tl:dr I am a fool who has still not mastered the art of shaving and avoiding razor bumps. Am now currently suffering through my mistakes. Me need much help. Help me. Help me now. I help needing now 


Edit 1: it's 7:05 AM and the legs have not stopped itching. I've been in the tub for a while now