Obligatory "this didn't happen today but a few years ago" blah blah blah fuck you.

Imagine 17 year old me, at a friend's house, downing vodka like nobody's business with my buddies. I'll spare you the details, we all had fun, hitting it off with banter, drunk FIFA, beer pong... you know, the usual get together between bros. What matters here is a series of unfortunate events the very next morning.

I woke up the next day with a bit of a hangover, and that plus having  slept only 3 hours had me pretty groggy in the morning. As I wake up, I walk over to my bathroom to brush my teeth and purge the nasty demon that is morning breath from my mouth. So I just grab my toothbrush, slather that baby up in minty nectar, and go to town ridding my mouth of all the gunk from the previous night.

I'm just standing there, blankly staring at my own face in the mirror, going over the past night of regular bro bonding. Oh yes, right there in front of me in the mirror is the knowing smile of the victor of drunk FIFA. Nevermind trial by combat - there is nothing better than proving your superiority, virility and masculinity than by decimating betas in a video game, and looking down at those that cower in defeat. Innocently, I was feeling pretty good with myself.

That was, until the taste in my mouth hit. And oh boy, was it foul. Is this what drinking bleach implies? The horrible taste of chemicals drowning all other sense inhibition? Oh mighty me, what in the everliving name of **fuck** is going on in my mouth?

It wasn't the minty nectar I was expecting when I was about to brush my teeth. It wasn't fucking toothpaste, my friends. The taste, oh GOD the taste. This isn't Oral-B's refreshing mint shit avalanche in my mouth.

I look over to my side, trembling, with my innards threatning to spill over my gullet, and peer at the open tube of paste next to the sink.

I read the label... and instead of the vibrant blue of Oral-B's toothpaste, I read... "Benzac AC". My facial cream for sprouts of acne.

I just fucking brushed my teeth with acne cream.

You know how just *thinking* of alcohol when hungover makes you queasy? Now imagine that chemical taste, in your mouth, expecting to alleviate some of your suffering with a minty fresh toothbrushing session, but instead being greeted with something else entirely, something that tastes similar to what Windex smells like.

To say I projectile vomited would be an understatement.

I hurl my toothbrush across, bouncing it off the wall and unto the floor, before rushing over to the toilet and just... going full fucking Krakatoa unto the gaping mouth of my poor, unexpecting toilet. O' holy ceramic receptacle, please forgive me for all the shit I give you. Literally. 

It was a fucking horror film. Dinner (junk food), alcohol, stomach acid and fucking acne cream all mixed into a beautiful stream of chaos. Crying, screaming and hurling, I purge my inner demons unto the john. Never have I ever experienced so much pain and suffering when puking.

Yes, the tube of my toothpaste and the one of acne cream are nothing alike. Yes, I didn't think twice about grabbing the first thing in my bathroom drawers to brush my teeth. Fucking sue me.

TL;DR: Both pimples and teeth are white and pointy / round. Fuck you.

Edit: i dont do word good