Well like most tifus this didn't happen today, but when I was about 12.

At that age I was in a theater troupe made up entirely of girls that age. We did plays out of the leader/director's backyard (and other venues at times, but this story happens in the backyard).

So we were all at the director's, (let's call her Jane, why the fuck not) house for a rehearsal one day. During a break me and another girl got into a sort of play fight, fake karate and prop swords kind of thing, and during the course of this, I took my shoes off. They were cheap-ish sandals with very little friction and the grass was wet, I didn't want to fall. Jane calls our break over and we go back to rehearsing, and I never put my shoes back on.

About an hour later, rehearsal is over and everyone is clearing out. I was waiting for my father to come pick me up, as the only one not allowed to go home on their own, so I was the last one there. I started grabbing my stuff, knowing he'll be there soon, and realized something horrifying: I can't find my fucking shoes.

Thinking of telling my father that I lost my shoes, and of the fight that would break out between my recently separated parents at my shoes going missing while I was in his care, I started going into hysterics. Jane, noticing me bawling my eyes out and trying to find something apparently under the grass in her yard (that was not long enough for anything to hide in) asked what was wrong. I told her through tears "I can't find my shoes!"

We start looking through her yard, I know exactly where I took them off but it wouldn't be below one of the girls to move them somewhere just to fuck with me. They're not there, at all. So we go into her house, and find a pair of blue sandals that don't belong to anyone in her family. At that point she suggests that maybe someone took my shoes by accident, but I wasn't having any of it. No, my sandals were brown and they had a cheetah print strap, no one took them by accident instead of these bright blue flip flops goddammit. No, someone had clearly stolen my shoes. And since we didn't know whose flip flops had been left in her house, it could have been any of the 12 other girls.

I hear my father's truck pull up outside and start bawling all over again, having no other choice than to go outside and face him. On my way out, instead of going through the front door, I go back out through the yard to use the side gate. I suppose I was subconsciously trying to pronlong the time before I had to make the ridiculous confession that I had lost my shoes of all things.

One step out of the gate, sniffling and with my head down, I see my shoes. Right there, outside the gate, where we didn't bother to look because I took my shoes off IN the backyard.

Of course, I them had to confess to Jane that after making her help me tear her yard and house apart for half an hour that I found my shoes in about 5 seconds. Then I wiped my face as best I could so my father wouldn't ask why I had been crying, and went to get in the car.

Tl;dr: I lost my shoes, looked for them for half an hour while crying my eyes out, then found them by accident in the one place I neglected to check.