Now before anyone questions it, no, a fire watch doesn't sit in the lookout tower 24/7. In my case, I've been asked multiple times to go check on certain things to make sure everything is still in working order.

As a little back story, I was hired around May 29 of 2016 to a national forest near my home city in south-western Montana. For sake of anonymity, we'll just call it Honey Rock. Honey Rock was a nice park, coming in at 5,247 square miles. I was stationed about 97 miles from the center of the forest.

Now, Honey Rock is a nice peaceful place with plenty of campsites. However, like all national forests, we had a fairly large Search and Rescue team on constant standby.

So, to my job. My tower was actually pretty nice. There was a bed, a table, and (thankfully), a close by outhouse. It was looking up to be a pretty decent summer. Thankfully there isn't much activity storm-wise going on, but you never know when some idiot doesn't put out their campfire or throws out their cigarette buds.
now to the story. At this time, I'm in my lookout tower, trying to solve a crossword puzzle and my boss radio's me in saying that there's an "incident" I need to look into. After confirming the location, I grab my bag and start heading out, the designated location only half a mile south of me. When I arrive, it's the usual: someone didn't put out their campfire.

I start walking up to the fire pit, but stop suddenly. There was a strange feeling that I couldn't shake. I looked around, but saw nothing. I looked back to the fire pit and something caught my eye. There was a small piece of paper being weighed down by a rock, just adjacent to the fire pit.

Upon closer inspection, I see that it's a small drawing, presumably made by a small child, of him/herself holding the hand of what looks like a tall, skinny humanoid figure. The figure was drawn in all black and seemed kinda static looking. To be honest, it freaked the heck out of me. There was something very disturbing about that picture.

After putting out the fire, I made my way back to my station. Just as I turn to leave, though, I could hear a small snap on the opposite side of me, from the tree line.

I froze.

"Sam, is that you?" (Sam is one of the few friends I made here. He's stationed about 90 miles north of me.)

No answer.

"I swear, it ain't funny."

Still nothing.

After just rationalizing for a bit, thinking it must have be a squirrel or something, I decide to just turn and leave. After entering my tower, the sun beginning its descent, I slump down in my chair and stare outside at the sky. I still felt that sudden sense of dread, like something... evil was looming over me. I was worried about that picture.

"Steve"

I wake up, realizing that I must have drifted off. The sun was just past halfway below the horizon, casting it's brilliant oranges and soft pinks into the evening sky. I pick up my radio and answer the call.

"Boss? What's Up?"

The was a slight pause. "You know that campsite I sent you to?"

"Uh, yeah" I replied, a little worried.

Another pause. "Did you notice anything... strange?"

I sat still for a moment. "Boss, what's wrong?"

I could hear worry in his voice. "Apparently one of the kids of the family that stayed there went missing. The father says he just up and disappeared."

Now it was my turn to worry. "Has SaR been sent out yet?"
"They were sent out about five minutes ago. Looks like we're gonna need a little help."

"Roger that" was all I could say.

The search party consisted of all of SaR and the fire watch team. It was nearing close to eleven when we got the first sign of the kid. Sam ran up to us, a small object in his hand.

It was a shoe.

"Found this, thought it might be the kids." Sam said, almost nonchalantly.

Just as the Boss was about to say something, we heard an SaR officer shout a couple yards away.

"He's here!"

Everyone rushed over to him. He walked up, a small boy in his arms looking as if nothing happened at all. The kids mom and dad ran up and grabbed him, hugging him like they were afraid he would disappear again, tears streaming down their faces.
"We were so worried! Don't you ever wander off alone again!" The mother exclaimed.

"But I wasn't alone, momma."

My heart felt like it had stopped. I turned and looked at the kid.

"What do you mean?" The dad asked.

"I was with the blurry man. he was really nice to me. He gave me berries and we walked for a while. It was so fun!"

It was my turn to ask questions, almost scared of what the answer would be. "What did the blurry man look like?" I asked, swallowing hard.

"Well, he was really tall, and skinny, too. He didn't have much color, like black and stuff, but his body was really blurry. Kinda like looking at something through water."

I remembered the picture. That's what I didn't want to here. Eventually, we headed back to the main area and the family took their leave, their son firmly in hand. After a small clean up, we were all dismissed back to our stations for the night. I could barely get any sleep that night. I was afraid that the snapped twig might have been something else, something like the kid had described. I just sat in my tower and watched as the sun rose in the morning, not a single bit of sleep gotten.

It's been awhile since this incident, and most of us have gotten over it all, but there are some days where I can't help but remember finding that picture at the campsite and the missing kid being found as if nothing had happened. It terrifies me to think of what might have happened if we never found the kid.

Well, that was a bit long! Sorry about that, I couldn't quite get my thoughts together. This is just one of many stories I have from that summer, and I hope you guys will stay tuned for those! Thanks!