So my buddy G was in New York for a couple days, because his parents are millionaires. He and his whole family was there and getting back Saturday night. G's house is huge. Has a basketball court in the basement, it's in a gated community, pool etc. 

So G texts me Friday after noon asking what I was doing that night and I responded with "not sure yet, aren't you in NYC still?" And he said "Yeah bro, you trying to hang at my house?" 
And of course I wanted to I was just kinda confused why he would invite me over when he wasn't home. Then again, G isn't the sharpest knife in the drawer. He said me and 5 of our buddies can take one car over there, and park in the garage. 

So we did and were hooping, few of us had a couple beers, had a sober driver. It was about midnight and we were about to clean up and head out, when my friend C accidentally butt dialed the emergency 911 on his Samsung s5. It asked for his name and address where he was at, and he said it's happened before when he was at his house, and he just tells them there is no emergency and they don't do anything.

We clean everything up and head to the garage (door open) and start loading up the car. Illegal stuff in the trunk, and halfway through the packing we see headlights coming down the street heading to G's house. We shut the garage door for the sake of illegal shit (alcohol, little weed). He banged on the garage door; it was a cop. 

C went out to talk to the cop, and he called all of us out and got our information. G is about to turn 18 so he can't legally let us be there without his parents consent, so the cop asks for me to call G and put his parents on. I give the phone to the cop and he calls me back and says "hey tell your dumbass friend I can tell he's pretending to be his dad. He'll have to be a little smarter than that. I wanna let you guys go, but legally I need consent." 

So G put his dad on and said we could go. Cop asked us to pop the trunk and saw the bong and alcohol and said "don't get pulled over on your way home. Also don't rip on your buddy (C) too much." 

TL;DR - Stayed at my buddies mansion while he was out of town. Butt dialed the police. No legal trouble but shitty parents.