I received a job offer yesterday and I'm having a very difficult time making the "right" decision. To give you an idea of where I'm coming from. I'm in my early thirties, married, with three young children and was medically released from the military after 13 years. 

After a long time spent unemployed and job searching I managed to land a federal ladder position that will end as a GS-11 in two years but start as a GS-7 at the end of the month. I also had to sign an agreement promising to serve within the agency for additional 3 years. As a GS-7 with special pay rates I will be making a gross income of approximately 47k in addition to a tax free 40k pension I receive for my military service. So my annual salary will equate to roughly 87k with 40 of it free from taxes. After the two years it will take me to get to the GS-11 level I will be making around 60k.

Yesterday I received an amazing offer in a better location as a contractor for almost double the salary. I will end up grossing around 125k if you include the 40k pension. As an employee of this organization I will have nearly limitless career advancement opportunities pending an increased skill set and education. The federal position will not allow promotion beyond the GS-11 level until after the 5 year mark. It also does not offer the same amount of job satisfaction that the contracting position will bring. 

I've read numerous online articles and forum postings debating the topic of public vs private sector work, but I'm still having a hard time making the best decision for me and my family. I know federal work provides great benefits (crazy vacation time, paid holidays, 40 hr work weeks, low medical, 401k/TSP/pension and job security). I will also have the option of "buying back" my military time eventually resulting in another pension however, I already receive a pension and nearly free medical for life. 

The contracting position also offers great bennies and 3 day weekends twice a month. The contract is well established with no sight of losing it in the near future, but we all know that can change within a drop of a dime. 

So do I keep the security of the federal gig with low advancement (unless the GS-12/13 retires or dies in 5 years) and walk off from a lot money or accept the offer job for the higher salary and better job satisfaction? If I didn't have a family to support this would be a no-brainer for me, but because of this I'm having a hard time and don't want to regret my decision. My So doesn't want me to decline the contracting position out of fear, but is supportive of my decision either way. 

Any advice or insight into my predicament would be greatly appreciated.