There are things I have seen that I shouldn’t have. Likewise there are things I have done that I had no business doing. The trouble is, I can’t, and won’t, ever know what those moments are. 

The morning after my 12th birthday I found a briefcase in my room behind the door and, like any 12-year-old, I became fascinated by what its contents might be. My parents were not the business type; my mother is a Marine and my step father a security officer, so this brief case was out of place to say the least. I waited until my friends left and went back home before going back to it. The case stayed atop my mind all morning; it was an odd case – hard wood, lightly stained, with a bit of weight to it so I was secretly hoping it was another gift. The locks weren’t memorable, but they existed and were unlocked that day; I know that much. Suffice it to say there was nothing that could keep me from opening that case after my friends left. 

So I did.

And there I was, back at my 12th birthday party. At first this didn’t make any sense to me. I opened the case and according to my memory the contents seem, well, foggy. I don’t really remember the contents at all. This was 16 years ago, but I remember being very puzzled and discussing the case with my parents who had no recollection of it in anyway. They played this up as my imagination, so I thought nothing of it. To be honest, I was 12 and my parents were the closest I could get to an expert. The next few days were like the first time around, with some minor changes, more specifically I didn’t have any friends stay over for my birthday as the overall confusion of the case I claimed to have opened tomorrow didn’t seem like an appealing environment for my parents to allow my friends around. Everything else though, exactly the same; same gifts, same cake, same everything.

My best friend, Steve, was killed in car accident that night

Steve was struck by a drunk driver when returning home on his bike. My parents told me before I went to bed about Steve, I was lost for words but managed to bring back up the case. I felt responsible, had I not opened that case my friends would have stayed at my house, I would have waken up, and Steve would be alive. I know this, because I lived it already. I convinced myself that I could just reopen the case in the morning, no worries. 

So I waited. 

I looked everywhere. Literally everywhere, and I could not find that damn case! Somehow, I got over this and moved on, not sure how but it seems I did. I played this up as my imagination and have convinced myself that my mind is playing tricks on me to make me think I could have done something to change that night and Steve’s future. The fact that everything was the same except for my friends staying over tells me I wasn’t supposed to have Steve stay over. Somehow, that case was a reset button and I needed to open it and go back in order for things to happen the way they are “supposed” to. Fuck that though, Steve was 12 damn years old, what kind of plan is that!

I digress, I have kept this to myself for fear that others would dismiss it like my parents did and I don’t think I can explain to people how or why that case would have appeared in my room that day, and then not again in the repeated events, let alone its existence at all.

I know this sounds crazy, even typing these words out makes me feel like I am sharing a secret that died 16 years ago with that night. The thing is, the case is back, it’s in the corner of my apartment bedroom. Same hard wood, same light stain and the same locks unlocked…