This happened to me this summer. I'm a college student and I stayed in my college town this summer so that I could take a math class. I didn't really have any of my friends here and so there wasn't really much to do most of the time. Anyway, one night I decided that I would go to the gym pretty late, around 9:30. While I'm sitting in the parking lot, my roommate from last year calls me. She says that her and some of her friends are having a party at their apartment and that I should come. At first I was like, no way. I was about to go to the gym, I'm already here, I'm not going to skip it. But the more I thought about my lack of social outings during the summer, I figured I should go and that maybe it would be fun.

So I brought a half full six pack of Redds Wicked and half a fifth of fireball. I already went in with the mindset that I needed to get really drunk at this party to have fun since the only one I knew there was my roommate. So I beer-bonged all six of my Redds in like an hour and a half. I then proceeded to drink my fireball and share it with a couple people. So I drank all the alcohol I brought in about 2 hours. By the time this was all over, it was like 1 am and this is where I start forgetting shit. I fell asleep in the bathroom for like 20 minutes, and when I woke up, I guess I thought it was time to go home. This is the last thing I remember.

So apparently I tried to walk home. This isn't a big deal at all because my house was literally a 2 minute walk away. But I was so fucked up that I didn't make it. I woke up around 7 or 8 in the morning, laying in the grass of some random persons back yard. Obviously I started flipping shit because I didn't know where I was or what got me there, but I was also really happy I was okay (I know I fucked up majorly by passing out in public, especially since I'm a college aged female, and that's probably my most scary experience.) But anyway, I sprinted home almost as soon as I woke up.

After I took a shower, I realized I didn't have my cell phone. This was really a big deal because I realized I hadn't contacted my parents or my boyfriend yet at all and because I had to go to work later. So I sprinted back to where I passed out to see if I could find me phone. It was no where to be found so I started searching the streets, my roommates house, and every where I could have possibly been the previous night. I found nothing. My roommate started texting everyone that was at the party, and got no responses. I was freaking out. I had no idea what to do.

A couple hours later my roommate gets a call. This girl that plays softball at my school (that I literally met ONCE over a year ago) says she has my phone and to come pick it up. So I drove to her house to get it. She said the only reason she knew it was mine is that I kept getting calls from my boyfriend and she remembered he was my boyfriend. Apparently this girl found my phone while she was walking her dog on the side of the street and just picked it up. Honestly this was a really lucky thing to happen considering what COULD have happened.

So I drive back home and I'm in tears because of how lucky I feel. I get ready for work, grab all my shit, and head out to my car. I needed to get something out of my trunk (I own a jeep) and I set my phone on roof of my car while I'm grabbing it. I then slam my trunk door... and apparently my phone slid into the crack... and my truck door literally smashed my phone in half. So yeah that day I really fucked up. 

**TL;DR I got black out drunk instead of going to the gym, passed out in a random yard, lost my phone, found it again, and then broke it.**