I don't know why money and my personal finances make me so anxious. They really, really shouldn't. I'm looking for any tips to combat this stress and worry, because my parents haven't been able to help me. They don't understand why I'm so worried about all this. I don't either.

So, I'm 19. I was raised upper-middle class and my parents were both raised in blue collar households. Something in this led me to not particularly care for *things*. Even as a child I felt incredibly guilty whenever I stopped playing with a toy I had bought, no matter how many months of joy it brought me.

My parents set up a great college savings for myself and my two other siblings. I will not graduate with debt, and neither will my brother, because we are going to state schools. My sister who went to an Ivy league will as graduate debt free and with her college savings intact as the military is paying for her education.

All great, fantastic, yeah? I have a savings account of my own (from allowance, odd jobs, that sort of thing) of 11k.

I was fired from my first ever job for being disabled (who other post by itself) and just recently got a new job that's much better. I'm still recovering from the hit on my self esteem for the termination. 

So that's my situation. I have a strict budget. Now that I have a paycheck I'm not longer draining my savings.

But I'm still so anxious and stressed. Putting together the budget, even when it was all just coming out of my savings, helped. It made me feel in control.

I thought having a paycheck would help, knowing that I am building up my saving's even more. Knowing that one day I'll be able to own my own house. Reading this subreddit and starting to understanding how down payments and stuff works helped even more.

But in the grand scheme of things I'm still so anxious. I beat myself up for losing my wallet post surgery a while back, even though, drugged out of my mind, there was nothing I could have done to prevent it. Every little unexpected expense gets to me, and I second guess it. Even though I do budget for those sorts of things.

Does it get better? This worrying about money? I'm making a little less than $500 a month. My room and board and about 1/4 of my food is paid for by my scholarships and college savings, accounts I never see.

Shouldn't I be carefree about money right now? I mean, my spending only comes out to $267 a month. That's the lowest it'll ever be.

Yet still I worry. Does anyone have any advice? Does it get better? How do I not worry so much? How do I feel financially secure.