Buckle up, this is a long one.

I recently started college after having taken a gap year, I'm a freshman. I've fucked up my reputation here and the year has only just started. This other freshman girl that I  had met and her group of friends, guys and girls, were going to a concert I was also attending. Her younger sister was also visiting that night and I'd introduced myself earlier that day when I'd seen the both of them on campus. The freshman girl and I had had a couple brief chats in the past, she was chill and all, we were both like "yeah, we'll see each other there" and all.

 So we do, we're both on the floor and schooboy q is performing and everybody's grooving and shit. her younger sister's arm was kind of brushing up against me and idiot cross-faded me, too fucked up to take into account the fact that the place was crowded and everyone was brushing up against one another, thought this was s a signal. Thinking I should reciprocate, I kind of feel at her hand. Big fucking mistake. She freaks out to her sister and their guy and girl friends: "he touched my hand!(...)" "(...)I'm scared (...)" one of the dude's was even like "he try to mess with you?!"  in my mind this whole time I'm just thinking "I fucked up, I fucked up, I fucked up". The the guys in the group kind of form a barrier to 'protect' the girls from me and it's all tension and bad vibes for the rest of the show. Even though we all had made plans to hit up a frat party after wards together, they leave the concert. The really shitty part is that even though I didn't have a lot of friends here tbh, I was just starting to get friendly with that whole group, and now that's been blown to shit.

For the longest time I was confused as to why they had the strong reaction that they did and felt bad for the shock I knew I had caused the sister. After a while however, I was mortified to find out that it's because the girl was 16. It also didn't help that I'm a 6'4" black dude. I've apologized and attempted to explain myself to the freshman girl, but she only pretends as though nothing has happened, making it impossible to have an honest dialogue about the whole situation. Though this is the case, the group from the concert has let it be known around campus that I am some sort of "creep" or "predator. Now, practically everyone i was friends with has started to avoid me. As a result, I have literally no friends in college, even though I've tried joining clubs and activities, even moving from one area of campus to another in an attempt to distance myself from them all and meet new people. Im also worried about this getting back to my hometown because a few people in the freshman class are from there. I never expected my experience here to be like this. I wanted to make new friends, meet girls and develop as a person. I was always  looking forward to college as a fun experience offering new and exciting opportunities to grow at every turn. So far it's just been a lonely and daunting experience. 

I'm not sure what to do at this point. Even though my plan is to transfer, I'm stuck here for the next 2 months and I've found the loneliness almost unbearable. It's been messing with my head and has began to depress me. It's pushed me to my limits and I feel helpless. I have no idea what to do.

tl;dr: I fucked up my social life at college in only the first week, having an awful time as a result. Don't know what to do.