My boyfriend is fantastic. He is sweet and compassionate and smart and funny and hot as hell. 

But

Recently I made friends w a girl at work.  She has a lot in common w me and a lot in common w him as far as interests and hobbies.  Instantly I got a weird jealousy flare (I'm the jealous type) and imagined that if he ever met her he'd like her more than me and leave me.  

I'm autistic and I've had bad luck w men, and every relationship before this one was abusive and I got cheated on.

Anyways, I decide I'll be friends w her on the DL and not I produce them even if it's paranoid.

So a few weeks go by and she realizes who I'm dating and come to find out they went to high school together and guess what he had a crush on her, but she didn't like him back and had a thing for some other guy and eventually they drifted apart from being friends as she got wrapped up w her boyfriends bs etc etc.

OK, I feel vindicated in my jealousy but also she doesn't like him and it's cool.

Well, later on I mention something to him about her, like oh hey I found out this girl at my work used to go to school w you - and he flips out.

Yelling, swearing, calling her horrible names, saying she's a bad person, and orders me to never speak to her again.

We have a big fight over it bc he won't say why and I have a hard enough time making friends, and I refuse.  I tell him unless he gives me a reason I'm staying friends w her.

He won't give a reason.

So I ask him if it's bc she wouldn't date him and he flips out again. Saying she's fat and ugly and a whore and he would never want to date a disgusting etc etc etc.

Now, every time I get on my phone whether it's email or twitter or whatever, he's like "oh are you talking to HER again!?!"

And he even threatened to friend request the woman who helped a man roofie me if I didn't cut her off.  

He still won't give me a reason why, and when I push for one just says "you're my girlfriend you're supposed to hate who I hate and if you don't you're a bad girlfriend"

Help!!! This is super out of character for him! He never talks bad about anyone, including people who have stolen from him or use drugs, and he is always bending over backwards to be friendly to people.  I don't know what to think, because nothing matches up!