When I was preparing for college, I wasn't sure where I was going to go. I'm a bright kid and had a few options. By the time I decided on the University of Alabama (Roll Tide), I had already missed the deadlines for applying for honors housing. I was really nervous about coming to college (I'm not your stereotypical college kid), but I met some guys on FB that seemed really cool. I was pumped to have everything set in stone.

This is where I messed up: I got an email from a guy living in the best honors dorm on campus, asking me to switch dorms with him, because he had a lot of friends in my building. I said no. Because I was excited to already have "good" roommates.

The first night there while I was weeping like Luke Skywalker with his hand chopped off, my roommates ate my entire box of peanut butter ritz bits. That's when I knew that things were not gonna be ok...

Cut to cocaine, "home-made" alcohol, theft, knife fights, "krispy kreme wars" (which I was down with), sizzurps, and doing awful things to black girls... I was not in a great situation.

I spent most of my nights locked up in my room trying not to hear what was going on. And where I come from, snitches only snitch once... then they go to the dentist for some new teeth. I was trapped in a cage with a rancor on her period

My roommates really wanted me to participate with them / pay for drugs, but I really wasn't about that. So, in the middle of the night when they wanted attention, they would just pound on my door for an hour or two.

One night, the pounding ended earlier than normal. I thought I might actually get some sleep. And then I heard in a chorus of sickly-sweet hoarse whispers "(my name), we're gonna rape you.... we're gonna raaaaaape you..."

At this time, I would encourage you to say with me out loud: "we're gonna raaaaape you" in the creepiest voice possible. Please don't do this around other people.

It is oddly satisfying to say...

So many other stories about this crew, but it's time for football (Roll Tide).

Moral of the story: don't do drugs, kids.


TL;DR: "We're gonna raaaaaaape you"