Detective Jones. Detective Daniel Jones. Quite an interesting name for a man who just started his career. Myself stuck with this name now and to begin work in the morning; my life will never be the same again. I've always wanted to become a detective in this cruel but beautiful world. My gorgeous fiancé was out tonight. Out with her annoying, arrogant friends whom I distrust from their back-stabbing last month. Natalie Narrow, the caring women who would soon become Mrs. Jones was out partying whilst I ate away at my microwave meal. Not that it bothered me, its just it seems that she can easily forgive those who do her wrong. Especially her best friend Brooke; the two faced bitch who manipulated my lovely Natalie so well. Slowly, I eat away at the food she left me. My dark, oak brown eyes remained fixed on the horror movie I was currently watching. Halloween wasn't far away and I was excited. Though the excitement seems to go as Halloween wasn't a pleasant time for detectives. Psychotic locals would tend to use Halloween to their advantage and honestly-I was bricking it myself. I was starting my job tomorrow and I had this great concern that something bad would happen this year. Maybe it was just paranoia but this city tended to bounce off these vibes. 

Matarck, the city of devilish personalities and bitter secrets. In some way we had some technology (television etc) but we were still in a slight Victorian time era. "shit!" I say rather loudly as a bit of hot gravy falls out of my mouth and onto my chin. My food was very hot and I could tell from the steam that came of it. My recent, foul language I just released from my mouth made me remember my disgusting attitude to a passing, young women earlier today. She must have been in her early twenties, for she didn't walk like a lady should. She seemed in a rush as she pushed past me, myself of course was annoyed by this as I was carrying some shopping. Natalie never did the shopping, she was always too busy with Brooke. I had spoken my foul language (shit, which again I am very sorry to say) The young, women seemed fearful as both our eyes met. Hers was darker than mine, her hair though was a lighter shade of brown as my hand grabbed it from the collision. I had pulled her towards me and in a moment of seconds the panicking, women kneed me in the balls and carried on running. Such pain as I couldn't run after her, I didn't bother to question why she was so scared but anyhow I was here now and whatever she was running from was not my concern(or still I wasn't aware of the future that would soon be my present) I giggle "idiotic women" as myself looked almost the same age but I was in my mid-twenties. I was twenty-five years old and engaged.

~***~(Raven)

Isolated I was from freedom. I had managed to get away today though that stranger had risked my chances. My heart rate increases as the skies darken once again. Silent was the night and the streets were empty; though at random times you could hear the occasional drunkard. My head was spinning from the shouting earlier in the day when I experienced some verbal abuse from a market trader. It wasn't reasonable to talk to a fragile women like that even if I was running like a nutter. If only they knew I was running for my life and trying to escape the man that forged the bruises on my skin. Tears streamed down my cheeks as I speak slowly "I have no where to go~" I continue to cry as it comes to me that I'm homeless. The toxic argument I had with my boyfriend Albert was frightening but now it began to be my biggest regret. But now I had nothing. My family would never believe me and no one else would want me as a burden. 

Return I must to the violent man, the one who grew my Goosebumps as I stand carefully and release a longing sigh. I frown "Return I must to thy monstrous love" I make my way carefully back to his horrible mansion. His reputation and power hit me as I realised he was all I had in this painful life. The truth revealed itself... I would at each moment beest Albert's