Which sounds odd, but isn't necessarily when you consider one factor: alcohol. 

Basically, I was at a party in one of the flats in my accommodation (I'm at university) and everyone got absolutely wasted to the point where half of us didn't even make it out to the clubs. I downed a bottle of wine and drank another one and a half; my friend downed vodka and got so drunk that we had to put him to bed. Somehow - my memory is fuzzy - i got separated from them and ended up in a different block (I have no memory of this; I've been informed by someone else). My next memory is being sick in some stranger's toilet, then him having sex with me. 

I've no idea who this guy is, and I don't know if I even consented to sex. I remember kissing him, so I must have on some level reciprocated it. However, when he was actually penetrating me, I recall it being painful; I'm not sure if I told him to get off, as all I can remember is drunkenly slurring "do you have a condom?" He informed me he had, but I also vaguely recall (and god, this is mortifying) giving him a blowjob and accidentally scraping my teeth along his dick (he yelped in pain, to which I apologised) multiplying my fear of the condom splitting tenfold. I'm not on any other contraception, as I was a virgin before that. 

After that, another mind-blank -- my next memory is turning up to my friend's flat, saying something about how I was sorry and how he was too strong. Did I mean this? I don't know. My friends went to speak to him about it, and apparently he said something about being a moral person, that he wouldn't lie, etc. I fell asleep on the sofa. 

The next morning, my flatmates implored me to tell them what had happened. I told them all of the above, because my memory is so so fuzzy. They were disgusted, and think that, even if I did initially consent, I was far too drunk to actually consent. I may be inclined to agree with this...but I'm wary of calling him a rapist. A bit scummy, yeah. Supposedly he was fairly lucid and coherent, whereas I was not at all. Hence, that blame is on him. 

They want me to report him to the police, but I'm wary. I'd rather just never see him again. However, I am thinking...this could happen to other girls. Maybe he'll take advantage of them, too? 

I got Plan B today, but as I was informed, it mightn't necessarily work. Consequently, I'm terrified of pregnancy and STDs. 

I'm out again tonight because I don't want to be by myself. But I'm also thinking that, just because I regret it, doesn't make him a rapist. 

I guess I just needed to vent. I'm not sure what to do at this point.