Hello NoSleep. 
My  name is Danica Robins, I'm new here, and I'm here to share my story. I was quite hesitant to post this on here, considering thinking about this part of my life makes me sad, I was afraid of feeling guilty of postin this. Is this what he would have wanted?

August 19th 2015.
It was the first day of school. I was becoming a sophomore in high a school. I reunited with all my school friends again that day. My best friends Tracy, Catherine, and Jack. It was nice to be with once again, I wasn't really able to see them much during the summer since I was taking summer school in the morning for a failed Geometry class (math and I don't mix). And an accounting class at night school. Seeing them again after a long summer made me very happy.

A week later.
As you know. When in Highschool and you see an attractive guy when you're with your friends, well there was one guy who caught my eye, however, when I was walking alone through the halls and because I was alone, I didn't get that giggly feeling I get when I am typically with friends. The guy was very handsome. He was tall, dark haired, he was muscular, but not too buff, and had soul darting green eyes. I had never seen him prior to this time in the hallway. I later on told my friends about him, and as always, they were very interested in seeing him. The problem is I didn't know where to find him, so I just had to let that go up to chance.

November 2015
At my school, we were having a food drive for lesser fortunate families who may go hungry on thanksgiving. Though I usually dislike volunteer work. I had to do it this time because if I did, I would have gotten extra credit in my English class.
What I pretty much did was stand by a large pot full of canned foods brought in my people, and waited for people to bring their donations to the pot, and whenever they did, I had to give them a "Superstar" sticker. It was more exhausting than it sounds. Then it happened, I saw him, the green eyed guy. He brought in 2 canned mash potatoes, and a can of pumpkin pie. I was taken back when I saw him, so much so, I nearly forgot to give him a sticker. And when I did, he thanked me for the sticker, and all I could murmur out was "You....you...'re uh wel...come".
I was greatly embarrassed by this. 

December 2015
Everything was quite stressful the last week of the first semester . It was final's week, and my Chemistry grade hung in the balance of the final grade. I started spending much of my time studying in a library not far from my house. As I was studying, I felt a tap on my shoulder, I told around and..... It was him, the handsome green eyed guy. He said to me "Hey. You go to the same school as me don't you, you go to....." (I'm leaving out the name out of my school for privacy reasons.) I responded with a yes, in an extremely subtle voice. He said "Studying for finals? That's what I'm doing here, I'm picking up a studying guide for my psychology course, the teacher is quite a nutcase". "How so?" I asked. "He believes some weird conspiracy shit that aliens formed our psyche and have the ability to remove it or reshape it, and that mental illness is a result of this. He bases his tests off the textbook, but it's still weird, y'know?" 

He found his study book eventually. And he sat with me and asked if I would mind him studying with me, I said no. By the next hour or so, I learned less about chemistry and more about him. He was very interesting. His name was Cole, he told me he was from Canine, Montana and that he grew up in a house very distant from his neighbors house, so it was always very lonely. He was online schooled, and only really left the house when he went to collect wood in fall to prepare firewood for winter. He lived with his mother only, and he didn't specify why his father wasn't around, but I assumed it was death, since he never said that his parents were divorced. Though I guess death is like a divorce....

We couldn't exchange numbers, as he said he didn't have a phone. Since his mother feared the phone radiation would kill him. I found that odd, but I didn't tell him that of course. As the library was preparing to close, he said to me "Well, it was very nice talking to you Danica. If I don't run into you this week. Have a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year. And I didn't run into him during that week, not once. 

January 2016.
School resumed and I was eager. A New Year, a new semester, I felt like it was a fresh start. I was very hopeful of running into Cole the first day of school. I really wanted to introduce him to my friends, to show him off in a way. I could show my friends that I was capable of being able to talk to such an attractive guy. Much to my luck, he found me at the beginning of lunch. "Hey Danica! How you have you been? How was your winter break?" I responded "I'm doing well and winter break was great. You can tell me about your's when I bring you to my table", he said "Okay then haha". I walked him over to the table in which my friends and I sat. I expected their expressions to change when they saw me walk over with such a handsome guy. But it was like they didn't notice him. "Tracy, Catherine, Jack, this is Cole", then Cole said "It's very nice to meet all of you". A long pause occurred, before I broke the silence and said "guys don't be rude, say hi to Cole, he's very nice". Tracy them confronted me with "I don't know who you are talking about", "Yeah, sorry Danica, but this isn't your funniest joke, haha", said Catherine, Jack just looked at me with a concerned expression on his face.
I was getting angry.

I yelled at Tracy "No, what are you talking about? Don't you see the guy standing right here!! He literally just said hi to you". "Don't worry Danica, a lot of people are intimidated by me for my height, I understand if your friends don't want to------". Tracy interrupted with "Danica, seriously, what are you talking about? There is literally no one within your vicinity besides us. This is a stupid joke". I could tell she was upset that I shouted at her. But I was just really confused, it's not like them for them to mess with me like this, or even with a stranger for that matter. I told Cole "You know what, don't worry about it, just sit here next to me. And he did so. The rest of lunch was dead silent, with Tracy and Catherine murmuring to each other a few times. 

A week later.
We all had made plans to go to watch "The Revenant". I invited Cole when I saw him during a nutrition break. And he said he'd love to join. I apologized to him for the rudeness of my friends, and told him they were just shy because they found him very attractive. They never said this, they never admitted to him being there, but I knew it was the reason why. 

Usually, I'm the first one to arrive at our destination when going somewhere. But to my surprise, Cole beat me there, "Hey Danica, ready to watch 'The Revenant'", "Yes! I hope they get here soon, I don't want to have to hold seats for too long, and the longer they take, the longer the concession line will be. Do you want popcorn?", "Nah. I don't the food here, too unhealthy".  When they got there, they once again, completely disregarded Cole's existence. But something happened during the night that really put me off. The ticket checker, he didn't check Cole for a ticket.
 
April 2016.
During the course of time between now and last January. Cole and I became very close. We actually started dating. But I don't allow him near my friends anymore. An incident happened when all my friends and I went to a restaurant for my friend Catherine's birthday dinner. When I asked Cole what he was going to order, Tracy yelled and caused a scene on me in the restaurant, she said "Ok Danica, enough of this! This is getting ridiculous, Cole isn't fucking real! You're not supposed to have imaginary friends at this age, Danica!". I gave her the silent treatment for two week after that until she eventually apologized.  But at the restaurant, the waitress completely ignored Cole.

May 2016.
I decided it was time to introduce Cole to my parents. After all, it was long overdue and he was a very nice, and intelligent guy, I couldn't think of anything my parents would dislike about him. Dinner was made, and while I was setting up plates on the table, there was a knock on the door. I answered it and it was Cole. He was a bit overdressed for such an occasion, he was wearing a tuxedo, but I guess he really wanted to make an impression. "Hey! Welcome to my home! Make yourself comfortable, don't go in the kitchen though. I don't want you to go in until I'm finished setting" "Alright" he chuckled "I'm looking very much forward to meeting your parents, hopefully they like me".

My father had just gotten home only five minutes after Cole's arrival. I forgot to mention earlier, that Cole never specified how he got places when we would go anywhere, like to the restaurant, I had asked how he got there and he shrugged, this was always his response, and I never thought much of it.  
He walked into the kitchen, and asked "Food ready yet?", he asked, I said "Hey dad, you saw Cole on the couch, didn't you? What do you think?"  "I didn't see anyone on the couch." I thought Cole was probably just in the bathroom. After everything was complete, the setting the food (venison steak with mashed  potatoes) and the food was served on the pearlescent white dishes. I went into the living room to get Cole, and he was there. I motioned him to the kitchen. When we walked in together. I enthusiastically said "MOM, DAD, SO THIS IS COLE!". "Very nice to meet you Mr and Mrs.Robins!" He happily said with a smile, he stuck out his hand to shake my father's hand. There was a pause.

My dad completely disregarded his handshake, and after a few moments, he  said "Where is he?". I shook, I said "Dad, what are you talking about? He's right here in front of you!". And surely Cole was. I was so angry, how could this happen again? Cole always showed up next to me in pictures, but only I was able to see him in the pictures we took together. My mother drew a concerned face at me "Danica, is everything ok?" I yelled, teary eyed "No! No one ever pays attention to Cole! They treat him like he doesn't exist and he does! I can physically touch him! Right here, see??". "Honey, there's no one there. This is a silly Joke Danica, you aren't 10, it's time for you to grow up". 

June 2016
My parents' concern grew every passing day, whenever I said I talked to Cole. I eventually stopped telling them about him, but I know they knew otherwise. They made an appointment for me to go see a psychiatrist in July.

July
I was diagnosed with Schizophrenia, I was given prescription pills that would make all symptoms of schizophrenia to go away. I talked to Cole about it's here's how the conversation went. 

Cole: You need to take those pills.

Me: No.

Cole: Why?

Me: If I do, I'll lose you forever.

Cole: Danica. I love you and because I love you so much, I want you to be able to live a normal life. And you can't have that when I'm in it.

Me: Why would I want to live a normal life? When I can spend an abnormal life with you".

August 2016
The pills were forced down me by parents, as they were being forced down, I saw Cole behind them, waving goodbye. His darting green eyes killing me, cause I knew it was the last time I would ever see them, and it was.