This is the full story of another comment I made:

This was when I was in college in 1997 - But whatevs... I seriously fucked this girl up.

I'd met a girl on IRC (Don't judge it was the chat medium of the era)

We talked for a bit and finally decided to meet up.  We went to colleges 2.5 hours away from one another, and she agreed to come pick me up from my folks place, close to her school because I had a ride to/from home that weekend. (She had a car, I didn't)

We met up and all was going well.  We drove down to her college and had a great evening together cuddling and watching TV, etc.

That next morning, we  decided to have a little bit of sexytime before she gave me a ride back home.

I was going down on her, and my sinuses were really clogged up. I started to gag and well... I ran to the trash can and ralphed.  Needless to say, she thought it was her.

I tried to explain, but she was hysterical.  It was everything I could do just to calm her down.

Nothing, and I mean NOTHING I said could change her mind...    The ride home was joyous to say the least.

Between sobs:

> "My pussy isn't gross! There's no way My pussy makes you sick!" 

> I can't believe you threw up going down on me.."

> "I swear I wash it daily"

> "I'm not on my period!"

> "My pussy isn't nasty"

Oh lawd... I had to listen to this shit for an hour, and tried to salvage the situation when we were at stoplights.. This was beyond the point of making up with her.

She dropped me off, I apologized profusely, she peeled out of my driveway.

One of the worst days of my life up into that point.

Back at school - I got bombarded with messages and emails from her friends telling me how much I hurt her and how dare anyone do something like that to such a sweet girl, she had to go to a therapist due to the shit I put her through... etc.

TL;DR -  Met up with a girl from the internet, went down on her and my horrible sinus issues gagged me and made me puke.  Girl thought it was her; permanently scarring her.

Edit: Formatting