This is really hard for me to talk about but I don't want someone else to go through it like I have. In August I got a copper IUD inserted, I went back several times to have them check if the placement was correct, and they said everything was perfectly fine (and this was done by the best Ob Gyn in the entire metroplex). Two months later, now in October, I didn't have my period for about a month a half, and so I took a pregnancy test to make sure, despite being able to feel the string and my doctor assuring me there was nothing wrong with the IUD and therefore no chance of a pregnancy. As you can guess, this wasn't the case and I ended up pregnant at 19 years old (with my boyfriend of over one year). As a university student already on loans and barely being able to make ends meet, I knew there was no way I could adequately care for this child, hence the reason I had the IUD inserted in the first place. My Ob Gyn then notified me that with an IUD in place during the pregnancy, the baby would have at least a 75% chance of miscarriage. With all the factors stacking against me, I didn't have much of a choice but to get an abortion as having the baby would result in a poor life for this child and me. This was the worst decision I've ever had to make. I love children and I've always wanted to have two of my own, and the thought of having to terminate this one made me cry every day but I knew I had to. I had the IUD removed and the termination procedure done. It's been roughly a week and I'm having intense spouts of anxiety and depression as a result. I don't regret it as I know it was necessary, but it's still the hardest thing I've gone through and I think that I will ever go through. At the clinic, the doctor there said he sees people come in who have get termination procedures due to IUDs quite frequently. This is so shocking due to the fact that my Ob Gyn and all research I've found says that it's so rare to become pregnant while having an IUD. I did everything I could to protect myself against pregnancy until I was ready, I made no mistakes, I prepared against it and it still occurred because of a failed IUD and it's something that I will have to carry for the rest of my life and it hurts me every day. I just want to spread awareness of this as a possibility with IUD so less people may have to go through what I went through. I'm emotionally struggling immensely as a result and thought this community may help and give me someone to talk to. At the least, thank you for listening, and thank you for letting me get this off my chest.