While I expect the title to scare some people off and garner anger in others, if you are willing to follow along I hope to have some worthwhile discussion. Instead of my 10th discussion on the day about suggesting a first credit card or how to pay off student loans, I figured this might be a good topic to have. 

For what must be the 100th time, I saw [this](https://i.imgur.com/fb7Dtmh.png) posted in this sub again today. It is repeated again and again around here that IRA and 401k maxing should occur before taxable savings, before ‘frivolous’ spending on items such as vacations and cars, and before prioritizing other spending in the short-term.  *“But have you maxed your IRA/401k already??”* is a response to nearly all questions related to spending money. 

I was encouraged that a few people shot back and disagreed over these posts I have seen, but this isn’t always the case.  Retirement savings are great, there is no questioning that, but charts like those aren’t always helpful.  While they sometimes apply, I hate that they have become blanket advice.  I, personally, have no desire to max my 401k. I save about 10k/yr in it, even though I know I could save more (the whole 18k) if I wanted. I’d like to share my reasoning on the topic, and maybe why you should feel the same way. 

First off, for many people saving 18k pre-tax and 5.5k post tax (and double for couples) is not remotely an option.  However, lets pretend it is for a moment. Let’s say we have a couple that makes $80k/yr (40k/each).  Each adult maxes both their Roth IRA ($11k) and 401k ($36k) but has no other long-term savings. They each have a 6-mo emergency fund (12-mo total) and stable jobs. While they live comfortably, they never have much extra money for vacations, leisure, and fun. They cook cheaply, own cheaper cars, and live minimally. However, they feel good about themselves because they have always been taught to save, save, save. Let’s say they first start saving out of college at the age of 25, and save until they are 62 when they happily retire earlier than many.

At age 62, they will have 3 main sources of income. Their Roth IRA, 401k, and Social Security. We can argue over the longevity of SS if you wish, but for this example, it will be around with similar benefits as today. Not ‘expanded’ nor 'cut' as is usual political discussion.  The happy couple stuck to their plan and saved 18k and 5.5k each every year. This is rather ‘conservative’ as the contribution limits will certainly rise in the next 40 years, but lets pretend they won’t and they still contribute 18k all the way until they retire. To make up for that, let’s say they each have a 2% match from their employer. Nothing extravagant, but certainly helpful. Here is how much money the couple with have at age 62 (assuming generic retirement calculations):

Pre-tax 401ks: $6.7M

Post-tax Roth IRA: $1.9M

SS (Assuming 25-year post retirement life of both spouses): $1.3M


Now to get this all back to pre-tax, lets say you paid 20% effective tax on Roth IRA contributions. This is certainly reasonable since it is money off your highest income bracket. That then becomes about $2.4M (1.9/0.8) leaving you with an effective value of $10.4 million pre-dollars for retirement at age 62, all pre-tax. Conservatively drawing 4% of your retirement funds + SS will leave you with ~$415k/yr of income. 

Now clearly this is in future money. The numbers I have used will occur in 2052. So we must calculate how much money that is today to get a real grasp on it.  Using 3% inflation/year we track back to today’s dollars of  **$145,000**. 


So next time before you tell someone who is really excited about their first home, their first nice $15k car, or ‘blowing’ $5k on a trip to Europe to live their dream that they shouldn’t do it, ask yourself this. Will they really need $145k/yr  (in 2016 dollars) at retirement? After all, that's nearly double what our hypothetical couple is making. And should they sacrifice those unneeded expenses today to be very well off in the future with maybe less reason to spend due to health concerns and aging?

Happy Saturday, enjoy your food for thought. I’d love to hear your thoughts. Feel free to pick apart the math, tell me I don’t understand something, or whether you tend to agree and wish people placed less stress in the sub about ‘maxing accounts’ and more on letting the many 20 something asking for advise live a little. Cheers.