I have been searching reddit for answers. And I am hoping that someone somewhere has experienced what I have for the last 2 years. So far, I have not had any luck with finding answers, so I am going to post something about it. 

It all started when I was chopping vegetables and cut my finger. I headed to the emergency room and while I was avoiding the creepy guy in the waiting room, I saw an ad needing volunteers for a medical study. 

I took the flier and called about it. They were offering 5000.00 for a 6 week study to help severe stroke patients brains work better. I would not have to take any medication and I only would have to spend 4 days in the hospital. Two days at the start and 2 days at the end.

Considering this was right before Christmas, I jumped at the chance. And believe it or not, there were no restrictions. The only qualifying factor was that you were between the ages of 18-50 and have had no seizures or strokes in the past. The following is a very brief run down of how the study played out for me.

I showed up, signed papers and was given a room in a hospital. I shared the room with a women, named nancy, around my age. She was a stroke victim, and just layed in her bed looking up at the ceiling. She did not move...well I guess she could blink and sometimes as night she farted. But over all she was an easy roommate. 

 

After I met her they had me put on the  dreaded gown and wheeled me into the surgery room. I knew this was the part that was going to be weird. 

In this study, they would be putting a smalll chip, in the back of my head. I would have a small spot of my head shaved, put into a twilight and have this "chip" inserted into my head...not in my brain..they said...just my head.

When I woke up later that night, my throat hurt. I remember when I was a kid and having my appendix taken out, I was intubated and after the surgery, my throat hurt, just like now. I also noticed that many hours had passed since I was wheeled into the Operating room. 

I guess looking back, these were my first red flags. I kinda felt like, something wasn;t right. At the time, I asked if I had some complications. I was told everything went great. That did not reassure me though it just made my apprehension grow. Were they lying?

This apprehension eased a bit, when I noticed nancy had the same thing on her head. And then I felt even better when I saw her improving. She could stay in a seated postition and I swear she made a sound.

I was told that everything I did, she would do as well. If I sat up, they came and sat her up. If I watched a movie, she watched the same movie. If I went potty, they came and catherized her. I was told this was to measure my brain waves doing these things and her brain waves as well. They hoped to be able to understand the differences, they said, in hopes of learning how to reboot stroke victims brains.

I was realeased the next morning, and I asked them why there were no wires coming from the chip. I just wasn't sure how they could measure my brain waves without the chip being hooked up to some sort of EEg machine. They just reassured me, it was all good and that I should come back next week to download my brain waves into the system.

I don't know why I bought this, but I did. I feel so stupid now. But the next 3 weeks I went back for every visit. They said I was doing great and I was helping out humanity. So I never questioned anything, well until the 4th week.

I will never forget that day, not ever. I walked in and sat in a chair, shortly after that, my roommate, Nancy, walked in. I mean she walked in. I was floored. My mouth dropped and I stared at her.

I noticed she starred at me and I watched as her mouth dropped. I did smile then. I mean she was better, I know I didn;t know her but WOW she seemed to make a huge recovery.

I watched as she slowly walked towards me and she watched me, even as she sat down in the chair next to me. I held out my hand to shake her hand, and she gave me her hand. I stared into her eyes and I felt a small tear fall from my eye. I knew she felt the same way because a tear fell from her eye as well.

I just blurted out..." Hi" and she blurted out Hi right back to me. I said, "How are you doing?" and she said "how are you doing?" I laughed and she laughed. 

I guess, I should have seen it earlier, but I didn't. I didn't until I reached up to push my hair out of my eyes and watched as she reached up to push her hair out of her eyes. Right about the time, it dawned on me, that she had no hair to push aside, nurses, doctors and well...everyone in the whole place came barrelling down on us.

She was literally carried away from me and I was shuffled into a back room. Everything after that was a blur, everyone looked like a blur. Noone seemed to look normal to me anymore. I mean I noticed that noone talking to me, blinked. I mean I don't think they blinked, anyway. I didn't notice any kind of facial changes in any nurse, doctor or orderly that talked to me. 

In the end, I was told there was a mix up. That nancy, should not have been scheduled for her follow up on the same day as me. There was a mistake and that unfortunatly, I was going to be taken off the study. They wrote me a check right there but told me I would have to come back on the last 2 days of the study to remove the chip. 

They told me it would be okay. They told me, I had helped nancy and she woudl continue to improve and to make sure I came back to get the chip out. I signed some papers and was pushed out the door. 

None of my questions were answered. And I think this is were things get super scary for me. I was followed home that day by a nice man. A man that recently died a very horrible death. He had a chip implanted as well, and I worry about whether or not his death was an accident. 

He told me things, things I am afraid to repeat..but because of my chronic headaches and the odd numbers, that seem to come out of my mouth for no reason...I am here. I need to take a break here and think about how much I want to share on reddit. I will be back, but in the meantime, don't sign up for any medical research studies!