Posting from my phone, so the usual spelling/formatting caveats apply.

You know that old titbit about women in their early 30s reaching peak arousal? Urgh. It's no joke.

I'm a 32 year old woman with next to no dating experience and, as you can imagine, no relationship history. There are several factors at play here, including childhood abuse and being of below average appearance, but there are a lot of happily coupled people with a similar story so I know these aren't necessarily prohibitive. I spent my early 20s dealing with the self-esteem issues and self-loathing that accompany abuse (which was, on occasion, also sexual in nature), and psychologically I'm doing well. I feel confident and as comfortable with the past as I can be, and this has been the case since around the age of 28. I'm popular, to my surprise, and fortunate enough to have a solid, stable career and a good education which I continue to pursue. However, I've not made any progress in terms of dating, and I feel stuck and don't know how to proceed. This is where your advice or commiseration would be invaluable! Of course, I socialise (not in bars, because I can't be someone I'm not, but at public events) and have explored internet dating, but no successes yet.

The major problem is that I'm rarely attracted to anyone. Ever. I can count on one hand the number of people I've been attracted to. I'm heavy (and working on it, but the body can take longer to fix than the mind!) but I do attract some guys so I feel this is less of an issue than my younger self believed. I lost my virginity at the age of 30 to a friend I made while travelling (we're 6,000 miles apart, before anyone suggests a FWB situation) and, while I've had issues with it, I can't say I altogether regret it because hey, it's the only experience I've got. I do feel guilty about having sex outside a relationship but the guy was polite and respectful and I didn't think the offer would come up again. The guilt I've felt about sleeping with this man is the reason why I don't pursue sex independently to a relationship. Since having sex with him (it was a handful of times) I've occasionally felt tarnished and "not pristine" enough for an actual boyfriend, so perhaps my sexual abuse issues aren't quite, well, put to bed yet! I'd hoped, as many young people do, to have sex with someone who loves me (especially after the abusive incidents), but I felt like it was never going to happen, so I went with the guy who offered. It was more about finding some peace with myself rather than exploring feelings with and for another person, as I'd intended. In hindsight, I sometimes feel tacky and whoreish. Sometimes I'm okay with it and think "Dear God, woman, you held out until 30! Give yourself a break!"

This leads me to believe FWB is out of the question. Not that I have a friend to ask (my friends are largely female or taken etc), but it would help me with the substantial sexual frustration I feel. I've always had a high libido but right now it's off the scale. I liked sex and am disappointed to have already missed so many years of doing it. I've forgotten how it feels and it's hard to imagine being in a situation where it's available again. My youth is disappearing and it feels misspent in worry.

So, the obvious thing is that I need a partner, but it's tricky when my romantic feelings are few and far between. Do you think there's some connection between my history and the inability to develop feelings for someone? It's certainly not conscious but maybe there's a very deep-rooted fear at play. I'm no longer in counselling and can put myself back on the waiting list but, NHS being as short of resources as it is, and me not being a suicidal or urgent case, it'll be six months or so before I can talk this through with a pro. I wouldn't say I'm choosy about men - there's no mental checklist of attributes etc - I'm either attracted to you or I'm not. And boy, if I could make myself feel something for someone I don't, my horny self would have done it (and him) by now.

The problem is exacerbated by the fact I do have a current crush. The first in a long time. However, he doesn't seem to care that I'm alive. Well, no, he's a good person, so that's a little harsh. Better to say he doesn't care if our lives intersect. We're not friends per se, but we have a semi-professional relationship, so I've been as indicative of my feelings as I can without putting him in the awkward position of having to say no. He's given me a few signals I interpreted as interest but, on reflection, I'm obviously inexperienced and probably misreading normal courtesy. I haven't seen him in a while, and our business has concluded so I don't expect to see him again, so I believe this is a dead end. 

I could be frustrated about other things, e.g. the hindrance to having a family without a man, but I'm very self-sufficient and I don't think there's anything I can't achieve alone, be it raising children, buying property, even having an orgasm. But wouldn't it be nice not to have to do everything alone? I've got a lot of love, care and respect to give, and nowhere to put them. My heart and my life, to some degree, feel wasted. Redditors, what would you do in order to move forward?

(This turned out to be really long. Sorry about that; I guess I needed to vent. I've many friends but few I can be this vulnerable with. The ones I can have their own difficulties right now. If you read all of this, I thank and applaud you. Perhaps you should consider an English Lit evening class!)

TL;DR: I've never been in a relationship and have limited sexual experience. It's starting to feel like it won't happen, and the loneliness/sexual frustration is growing.