Hi /r/personalfinance, I've got a problem on my hands. I went to a local ER back in March, where they didn't ask for my insurance and I assumed that, because I go to this hospital frequently and they already had a lot of my other information on hand, they already had it on file. The insurance they attempted to file to was an old insurance, though, and they turned around and put the account into collections. Like, immediately. It took me a while of going back and forth with the hospital and my insurance to finally get my current insurance billed. So mistake #1: assuming that they already had the correct info. 

My insurance is also under my dad's employment, and for most of the past year I've been in a situation where I've had to live with my partner's family, but I still have to receive my mail at my dad's house. My dad brings me my mail once a week, but he often loses pieces of mail and I don't receive them until like, a month or more later. Mistake #2: not being vigilant enough about getting my mail on time.

Shortly after I confirmed that my current insurance was billed, I called my insurance to ask if they had paid it. The customer service representative I spoke to made it sound as though the entire thing was paid and that I wouldn't have to pay anything myself. So it was a little surprising when, having not received any bills or any other calls from collections and being under the impression that my insurance had paid it all, I got this derogatory mark on my credit report.

Here's why I'm asking about disputing it: I immediately contacted my insurance, who informed me that they had paid most of it and all I had left to pay was $400. BUT the collections account is asking for $1000. My insurance has mailed me an "explanation of benefits" detailing exactly how much I owe, which is $400, not $1000. I can easily pay $400 now. Shit, I can pay $1000 off within 2-3 paychecks.  So can I dispute this bill for being the incorrect amount? If I dispute it for this reason and pay it off, will it be removed completely from my credit report?