I was only nineteen years old when I met her. We’ve all been there – the first girl that gave us the time of day, the first girl (and certainly not the last) that we thought would be the one for us. To many of us, this first relationship would either be a learning curve or a laughing point in our personal histories, a running joke amongst friends intended to embarrass us about past antics. My experience was different however, and I mean this in neither a negative or a positive manner – what I experienced with my first love was entirely different to the stereotypical scenario.


When we first met, it was like dynamite. This girl was the ink to my paper, the pen to my pad and the star to my sky. I was Ted Mosby and she was Robin Scherbatsky; the fact that she understood this reference made me even more certain of our paths being intertwined. This was someone who not only understood my humour, but someone who would be prepared when I said something stupid to say something twice as dumb. She was the best thing that ever happened to me, and when I look back now I see this beginning period of our relationship as the happiest time of my life. I should have known back then, as with all relationships of this ilk, that this would never last forever.
Have you ever felt like you aren’t worthy of the happiness bestowed upon you? As if the current situation you find yourself within is too good to be true? Well let me tell you now – when something appears too good to be true, it usually is. This rule of thumb proved to be exactly the case in my situation, although maybe you’ll be luckier than I was. Our relationship didn’t end the typical way these young and passionate relationships did however, as two months into my stint with Georgie she was kidnapped.


That’s right – my girlfriend was kidnapped two months after our first date. As you can imagine, up to this point (and indeed afterwards) I found myself absolutely captivated and infatuated by this girl. She’d been the first girl to give me the time of day, and this wasn’t an opportunity I wanted to waste. I remember the day she went missing clearer than any other memory I possess. It was 3pm on a drizzly Thursday when I got the call from her mother asking if I had seen Georgie that day. I remember how I had struggled to hide my irritation on the phone to the girl of my dream’s parent, as she had been supposed to arrive at my flat for dinner hours earlier, instead stating calmly and respectfully that I had neither seen nor heard from Georgie, but I would let them both know as soon as I did.


The following days passed like a blur. Interviews with police and conversations with Georgie’s friends and families all seemed to blend into one distorted memory. I could remember no conversation clearly; my mind was jumbled and there was little to be done about that. All that remains clear in my memory is the dreams I had that first night when I heard the official news broadcast announcing her disappearance, and every night thereafter – the dreams where I saw Georgie screaming in agony, chained against a wall, her body contorted in an almost inhuman stance. This wasn’t any ordinary dream however; this was memory. Furthermore, she’d deserved this. This post is my confession – or rather, it’s the beginning of my confession. Behind the wall internet anonymity, this is the beginning of my admittance to everything I did to Georgie, from her kidnapping and the aftermath. This is my story. Welcome.