I was once a successful business man, having built a company up from a stall at the market to a huge global conglomerate. When I sold my shares in the business to 'retire' my lawyer could afford to buy his own mega yacht.

I was so rich, that nothing was beyond my reach, I even had tourist tickets booked to go to the moon. My family and I had settled into a warm fugue that came with having bank balances resembling international telephone numbers. That was only the LIQUID assets.

I was set for life, my wife enjoyed anything she wanted, when she wanted and my three children have had the best education and healthcare available in the world.

My world felt safe, secure and incredibly comfortable, I spent my time flitting around the globe on my private jet, rarely spending more than a week in one place. My wife on the other hand, preferred to stay at our place in London, England, where the kids lived and worked.

This was not to last.

My world began to fall apart on a calm bright day at my beach villa in Bora Bora, I had been feeling a little off colour and had flown my private physician to the islands to see me.

He had instructed me to attend hospital in LA for some scans, and the way he told me, and that he would personally attend throughout my stay there put up the first red flag I have had to worry about in years.

I spent two weeks in the hospital room in LA, being prodded and poked, drained of blood and examined multiple times a day. After the first day I was told that I had cancer. Pancreatic cancer at that, which has a very high mortality rate, however I was in the best possible place to do everything they could to help me.

Nothing worked, my health began to deteriorate at an astonishing rate. They tried the best chemo, the most talented radiographers, the most experimental techniques, and nothing... It did not even slow the spread. There was nothing anyone could do for me on the 13th of July 2012 I was told I had 2 months to live and there was nothing anyone could do. No amount of money, no amount of influence and no amount of power could make the slightest impact on the creeping, rotting death that began to spread through my body.

I decided that I needed to see to my family before I got any worse, so made arrangements to fly home that evening. I packed my bags and had a service girl run me a bath.

I sank into the bath, my mind turning over all the things I had wanted to do but wasted my time doing things for the sake of being able to do them. I cried a few tears over the realizations that I would not see my children married or my first grandchild.

I cried and cried, self-pity was in full control. I lay back in the bath and tried to stop thinking, just trying for a bit of relaxation. I had closed my eyes for barely a second and when I opened them the room was dark.

A hooded dark figure sat by the bath. I swear I almost screamed...

"Who are you? How did you get in here?" I tried to grab the cord that would have called security without the figure noticing.

"I have an offer, I can cure you"

I don't know if the figure actually spoke or the words just formed in my head... I could not see inside that hood. My memory of him if vague at best, almost non-existent, I remember the offer, the contract and the consequences as clear as if they happened yesterday, but the figure with whom I spent a good few hours around in his presence, was little more than a blurry shadow, a blurry hooded shadow. His voice was deep and throaty, rough and raspy sounding like he had a forty a day habit.

Can you count the red flags? I heard the chance of a cure, and I regret it to this day that this overruled my conscious and unconscious warning systems... greedy self-preservation ruled.

"What? Cure? How?" was about all I could think, my head filled with a huge cloud of relief, hope.

"A pill and a procedure, within a week you will be cured and will never have to worry about illness or death ever again"

I should have paid attention to his words, read between the lines, considered the meaning...

"Is that all? What do I have to do for it?" I was not thinking...

"This will cost you everything you have, but in return will get the cure you wish for"

At this I did pause, but in my current mood this seemed like a bargain. I should have listened, thought or stopped, anything.

"Where do I sign?" What was wrong with me? I was trading everything I had to someone I had not even been in the room with for more than 5 minutes.

"The contract is by the sink, leave it there when you have read and signed it. Once you have put your signature on that paper, you have until you leave this room to change your mind"

Why would I change my mind I thought...? WHY WOULD I CHANGE MY MIND?????? Oh maybe because signing away everything I had to a creepy ass guy who appeared next to me in the blooming bath IN A LOCKED BATHROOM.. Might not be the action of a sane man.

"If you sign the contract, we will meet you in London to start the proceedings. If you change your mind and destroy the contract or do not sign, you will never meet me again. This is your one and only offer"

And with that, the lights came on, I was blinded for a second, my eyes having been accustomed to the dark, and he was gone.

I climbed out of the bath, astounded, I looked around the room and there wasn't even a chair for him to sit on... but there was, a manila envelope next to the sink, and a pen that looked grander than anything I own (and I own the world’s most expensive pens).

I will never ever forgive myself for the actions I took and the selfish act I then did. I signed the damn contract, I did not even turn over the first page. I signed it there and then, did a quick check for alternate signatures but the front page clearly read sign once here to agree to the terms and conditions and the deal will be binding.

I pushed the contract back into the envelope, and for the first time stopped to think a little...

"Oh well, if it doesn’t work then I can just not pay" I thought and placed the manila envelope back down next to the sink. I saw the clock and realised that I had just lost 2 hours and my jet was due to leave in an hour.

I rushed through to the next room, dressed and left the hospital not even looking back, thinking of anything else other than getting to London.

I was stupid, I was reckless, and I acted without thought... I should have read the terms and conditions.

I arrived in London at midnight, my limousine was waiting to take me back to my house as arranged. I expected to see my wife waiting for me, but even though I had tried phoning her when I got off the Jet, I could not get an answer. I expected the house to be lit up, but it was dark and quiet, I crunched up the driveway after sending my driver home and tried to be quiet. My wife must be asleep so I don’t want to disturb her.

I got to the door pulled my keys out my pocket, and tried the lock. It did not work. Before I could think any more of this a voice came from behind me that put chills down my spine. I recognised it immediately, but how did he get here so quick... I had been as fast as I could possibly go... I did not linger on this thought, I do not know why.

"Congratulations sir, if you would come with me to start the procedure"

"But my keys... what’s going... how did you... My wife...”

"Do not worry sir, you will get to see all your family very soon"

I stumbled to his limousine, which was as black as I have ever seen, as black as night. He held the door open with one arm and guided me in with the other.

We drove for a short time, I noticed that we were heading to the rougher part of the area, and we pulled up close behind an on ramp to the M25. There was a large group of homeless people lying in sleeping bags around a burning drum.

We stepped out the car, and looked over them for a second.

"What are we doing here?" I asked

"Picking your Vessel sir, I thought one of these people would be most suitable"

My vessel? For the first time, my heart starting sinking about not reading the contract properly. But should I let on? Best not to I suppose.

I nodded in what I hoped was a determined manner, and began to pace around the group, I could not help to think it was like walking around a sales room for cars or watches. I resisted the urge to kick them as if kicking the tyres on cars.

"This one" I settled on a scruffy mound that looked slightly cleaner than the rest.

What happened then I do not know. Blackness enveloped me and nothing else resides in my memory of that night.

I awoke, in a very comfortable four post bed, in a very old fashioned room with the walls covered in paintings of people I did not recognize, but seemed very very old. The room was warm and there were no signs of my clothes, just a large fluffy towelling robe on the bottom of the bed.

Pulling this on, I opened the only door I could see and peeked out. The next room was similarly decorated, old fashioned, regal, paintings... there seemed to be another door at the far end and one on the opposite wall, but the room was just empty.

As I was looking out, the door at the end of the room opened and an unfamiliar face poked out. Before either of us could say anything the voice came from a speaker somewhere and the door on the opposite wall opened.

"Please both of you enter the door opposite, and open the packages with your name on"

I was first in the room, the other man seemed drowsy almost zombie like as he walked in wordlessly behind me. Into a small room, that had lino on the floor and a drain, it had one chair with a package with a name on it that was unfamiliar to me (must have been the other man) and a small shelf with another parcel with my name on.

The door slammed shut tight behind us as we opened our packages. I almost dropped the letter that was in my package, grabbed it and looked at the other contents, it was a hacksaw. I turned to the letter.

Mr X,
For Mr Y to be your vessel, you must cut up his body in exactly 6 pieces. Please proceed to do so as fast as you can, we have but 24 hours to complete the procedure.


WTF... seriously WTF... I have to cut up his body? How? He is still behind me... wait... I spun around just in time to see the man looking at me with a knife in his hand. I drew my arms forward protectively hoping beyond hope that he misses and I get a chance to fight back. And watch with horrified eyes as he raises the knife to HIS OWN throat and damn near slices his bloody head off... he cuts almost all the way through his neck, blood spurts everywhere all over my face, all over the walls, my towelling robe becomes sodden with dark red blood.

His body slumps to the floor, and I sicken myself to say that I felt relief. I was relieved that I did not have to kill him myself...

I could not move for a while, but the voice came and reminded me.

"Please complete this task as soon as possible, you will need all the time you can get later in the procedure"

I thought, what the hell, and bent down to start my grizzly task. I sawed off his arms, then his legs, and finally his head. There 6 parts.

A door clicked open, not the one we entered from, but one behind the chair in the small room.

"Please enter, and take the chair with you" The voice rang out.

I grab the chair and walk into the next room it was pitch black, the light from the small room allowed me to see that it was larger than the small room, but smaller than the larger room that we started in. there was the shadow of a table in front of me, with a few shadowy objects that I couldn’t quite make out. I placed my chair at the table and sat down.

The lights came on as soon as I was seated. On the table I saw a bucket full of a clear liquid, a pair of tongs and large rubber gloves.

"Take his head and put it in the bucket" The voice instructed.

I was covered in blood, bits of flesh were stuck in my finger nails and I swear in my hair... Was I being guided by some malevolent beast, I felt and remember being in full control, but how I did these incredibly grizzly and despicable things I cannot say.
I grabbed the head from the other room, took it to the bucket and dipped it in slightly... It fizzed and I could see the flesh melting, the liquid picking up a red tinge.

I paused, grabbed the gloves, put them on, transferred the head to the tongs and dipped it all the way in. It was like dropping alka seltzer in water... bubbles threatened to overflow the bucket and splash my arms and body.

In about 5 minutes, just as my arm was getting tired, the fizzing died down. I looked into the bucket and not seeing through the thick red liquid that it had turned into, I drew the head out a little... All the flesh had been removed and the stark whiteness of the bone surprised me. I instantly developed a healthy respect for the contents of that bucket...

"Please take the skull, remove the last of the spine and jaw bone and hollow out the cranium" The voice instructed.

I spot a chisel lying by the bucket and complete the task. Understanding now what he meant by Vessel. I held in my hand the skull of a man that I picked at random from the street only a few hours ago... Why do I not remember being horrified, I certainly am now.

"Please proceed into the next room"

Still holding my macabre coffee mug, I get up and head through a previously unnoticed door on the near wall. This room was very much like the second room, where the man had killed himself and I performed what I thought would be the worst act of my life.

In this room there was a mirror and, hanging from the ceiling, a handle, nothing else. The door clicked shut behind me and I waited looking at the bloody mess I had become in the mirror, was there something in my eye, a little darkening of the whites of my eyes, in fact they look decidedly grey.

As I looked at myself in the mirror, it began to slide up revealing another room behind. I could see four dim shapes in the darkness.

"The handle above you needs to be pulled on 6 times but it will put you through the worst experience of your life. I recommend you do this as fast as possible since the next step takes even the hardest people a significant time to complete"

To hell with it I thought and I grabbed the handle and gave it 6 long pulls in very quick succession. This set the following into motion.

With the first pull, the lights in the other room came on 

With the second pull, the hoods were removed from the 4 people sat in bathtubs 

With the third pull, hammers began to beat the people sat in the bathtubs 

With the fourth pull spinning blades were lowered into the bathtubs, spraying blood everywhere 

With the fifth pull blood began to come out of sprinklers hidden in the ceiling in the room I was in 

With the sixth pull the trickle of blood became a torrent beginning to slowly fill up the room I was in

I turned and looked into the room with horror as I see things act out in rapid succession... the faces, they were familiar... the hair, I need not tell you my life ended in that room. I stood and watched everything I had in the world being destroyed by my own actions and being bathing in their lifeblood.

I threw up, a lot, I voided myself from my mouth, my arse, my cock, I fell over, the gory mess was ankle deep now, and my robe fell off covered in the worst of human fluids.

I cried as the rain of blood slowed down, and I hear a click as a drain in the floor must have opened since the blood level began to drop... I tried to recover the blood in my hands, tried to keep some part of any one member of my family... Tried to hug it to my chest.

"Please move into the next room for the final part of the procedure"

"What the hell have you made me do?!!" I screamed

"You have given everything for your cure, as you signed in the contract"

"But... but... "

"It was all clearly explained in the terms and conditions"

I sat in my shrinking pool of blood for a minute, despising myself, regretting every decision that led me to this place, coming to a great big realisation that I have done the worst possible thing to get what I wanted, more life... I now have no life to return to.

The door opens in front of me back to the first room with the three doors, and this time there is a large trough in the middle filled with red gloop... yes I could see what it was... I could SMELL what it was everything smelled that way now... but this STANK!

"You must now drink 6 cups of the remains of your victims, using your Vessel"

I passed out.

I awoke to a clock ticking, it was counting down just past 3 hours...

"Welcome back sir, I have provided you with the time you have remaining... If you do not finish the last Vessel full of your victims by the end of this time it will have all been for naught"

I grimace, I had given up hoping it was a dream about 10 seconds after watching the first hammer hitting my wife directly in the face, then watching hammers punching into the skulls of my beautiful children.

"Fuck you, Fuck all of this" I screamed and broke down crying... I dragged my gory naked body, having left the shit, piss and blood soaked robe in the other room, over to the trough and dipped the 'Vessel' in deep.

I immediately felt bile rising in my throat, it was still warm... and there were large lumps...

I vomited again, the last of the contents of my body thrown over the plush carpet. I could then only retch... as I tried to fill the cup... I found I had to hold it a bit like a bowling ball with my fingers plugging the eye sockets to allow me the get enough in the vessel to actually lift to my lips...

I couldn’t do it... I threw the cup away against the wall showering the faces in the painting with gory graffiti.

"You are responsible for the deaths of 5 people tonight, either you take 6 cups of your victims, or you become the 6th victim"

I stopped retching long enough to walk over to the wall and retrieve the skull. I dipped it deep into the trough and rushed it up to my mouth to take a huge swig... I spat it out immediately... again all over the wall...

I looked at the clock and found but 1 hour remaining... time must tick by differently in that place. Damn, I had to do this.

I refilled the skull and managing not to spit it out this time, I swallowed mouthful after mouthful of the macabre soup.

"6 Cups of your victims blood, 6 strokes to sacrifice your life, 6 gifts to the lord of death"

I had given up counting, just trying to do it as quick as possible, before I threw up again. The voice suddenly announced the completion of the task and I fell to the floor retching, but nothing came out... the gore I had eaten did not fill my stomach.

"I hereby grant your life eternal, yours is perpetuity"

What this meant I did not know, I should have known, it was in the terms and conditions.

I have never since been ill, not even a cold, I feel perfectly healthy all the time. I got what I wanted huh?

I wander the streets of London, earning what I can but any money I earn disappears when I sleep, any food I eat turns to ash in my mouth. I literally have nothing and can never again own anything. People forget me quickly, even if I spend a long time with them, it seems like overnight I am erased from their memory, I am no longer able to maintain friends or ever have a family again.

This is no life but I am doomed to live it forever.

I beg of you all, please, before you sign anything, read the terms and conditions in detail, or you could end up losing everything and gaining nothing.