This happened several years ago when I was 17 and still in high-school. I went to one of those fancy, private girl schools where your skirt had to be knee-length and you got detention for not wearing a ribbon in your hair. We also all had our own laptops (provided by the school) to work on. Now obviously the school internet blocked access to Facebook, Twitter, etc. They also had a v. sensitive keyword function, which blocked a whole bunch of websites, even fairly innocuous ones - I once couldn’t access a site about marijuana even though it was part of an assignment for Health class. 


*ANYWAY.* 


We all knew the school had these stringent internet blocks, so most of us never fucked around with it at school, bc we couldn’t access sites even if we tried. When I was at home though, I was able to get onto all the sites with no problem. Duh, because it’s my home internet and not the schools. All safe. Being the average, hormone-riddled teen I was, I was a frequent porn-watcher and my curious mind would take me click after suggested click, out of sheer curiosity. 

One day, I’m pulled out of my study period to meet with the Headmistress. Now this woman was the lovechild of Professor Umbridge and the White Witch of Narnia. I’d never seen her smile or laugh in the entire time I was at the school and being called into her office was not a good sign. 

I try to play it cool and friendly. Who knows, maybe I was called in to be told I was getting an academic excellence award at the next assembly. Maybe the Head Girl got mono and I’ve been chosen to step up. But after looking at her icy scowl I know this can’t possibly be the case. She makes me sit down and without saying a word, slides over 10 printed pages (stapled) across the desk. I pick them up to take a look and I feel like I’ve just swallowed a glacier. In my hands are several pages of adult websites I’d visited over the semester, with the names of the videos followed by a url and the date / time accessed. 

Sitting across from this woman and reading titles like ‘busty babysitter gets punished by thick cock’, ’double penetration rough gangbang’, and ’stepbrother seduces young sis’ was too much for me to handle. I try to make some flimsy excuse about some male friends coming over and hacking my laptop. But this is not true. The pages clearly show consecutive days of porn-access for weeks, all around the 11PM-1AM timeslot. That would have to be some pretty persistent hacking. 

She tells me to leave her office, never do that again, and to take the wad of papers with me. I walk back down the school corridor feeling like I’m holding a stolen handgun, needing to find a bin out of sight to shred up the evidence of the embarrassing moment of my teenage life. I soon realised that the school had in-built software to track activity on their laptops, even if we weren’t connected to their internet. Couldn’t bring myself to even think about watching porn for a good 6 months after that. Sometimes I still have flashbacks to those pieces of paper.  

**TL;DR** watched porn at home on a school computer without realising it was being monitored, got caught out by the headmistress, still cringe four years later.