I hope this is the proper subreddit for this. I shared it with some friends and it had an impact on their own personal struggles and even helped a coworker reach out to his son. I hope it can be of some assistance to you too! Best of luck!


I am not a practiced writer. So I apologize for the choppiness of this.

The last six weeks have been the hardest weeks of my life.

I forsook all comfort that Id grown accustomed to. My home. My bed. A kitchen. A desk. A computer. Video games. And it has been the single greatest event of my life.

I have been reborn.
Out of mediocrity.
Out of over-consumption.
Out of stagnantion.
Out of wasted time.

I spent most of my life's free time on video games.
Runescape. Guild Wars. World of Warcraft. League of Legends.
It was all I knew.
All I really, truly practiced. I knew this. I hated it.

I wanted to be an artist.
An engineer.
A philosopher.
I wanted to write and draw and read and cook and learn what nice things were and what it was to have good taste.

I was insecure. 
Confident on the surface only.
Intelligent but not creatively expressive. I saw what others had. And in my continual failure to recognize that in myself I grew to fear them. To envy them. Jealousy consumed me. I thought, "who the hell am I compared to THEM? These people who do and create and learn and have such spirits!"
And I took these thoughts, and I went to sleep. 
I went to work.
I got home and played video games.
I suffered the same mental crisis and went to bed. 
I did this for years.

That all changed six weeks ago.
I found a subletter for my room to save cash due to an uncertain job future. I threw myself into a situation where I couldn't play games. I couldn't waste time. I couldn't deafen the voice in my head that grew from a whisper so incomprehensible into a roaring torrent of pain and regret and loathing.

I snapped.

I was in a relationship.
Probably, no surely, the best girl I have ever found. Loving. Trusting. Faithful. Spiritual. With a laugh and a smile that haunts me now. I lost that. I destroyed it. Poisoned it. I became a monster. Insecure. Suspicious. I saw her friends as threats. I projected my own insecurity, my own pain, my own self image onto her. 

Needless to say. She left me.

Earlier that day I had resolved to change myself. I made lists of what I wanted. What to do with my time. Identified the true nature and cause of my unhappiness. I wasn't her. It was me. Me and my lack of motion.
But it was too late.
I spent the next few days in a daze.
I walked around Seattle for 17 miles on a Thursday afternoon. I had called in sick to work. I got drunk. I went from sad to angry to happy to sad to angry and back and forth all over again.

I made a list  
Write. 
Draw. 
Read. 
Walk. 
Boulder and work out.

It's worth mentioning here that all of my active friends at this point were gamers. It's all I'd surrounded myself with. I didn't know what to do with my time or who to spend it with.

I worked out.
I slept.

I did this for days. Work. Workout. Walk. Listen to music. Read. Write. Doodle. Every day. I read a book in four days. I wrote letters I didn't send. I screamed in my car. I drank more water. I took vitamins. I kept working out. I kept writing. I kept drawing. I made notes to myself. "Smile." "You are a good person and people like you." "You are going places and living your life."

I saw myself changing. I learned to stop negative thoughts before they became nightmares. I was more positive. I was happier. More confident. 

I'd gotten a place by now. And even though I'd set up my computer, I couldn't bear the thought of sitting at it. I just wanted to walk. To do. To create. My mind was restless with adventure.

I applied to the peace corps.
I made new friends. Reconnected with old ones.
Made my bed daily. 
Learned to fold clothes properly.
Talked to strangers. 
Read. 

I have never been happier. But it came at a great cost. And now I live every days honoring that cost. Not only for myself. But for her. For my friends. For my loved ones. 

This life is my apology.
And my thank you.
And my ambition will carry me into God knows what sort of adventures, but I will always be looking ahead. I will allow myself no more excuses.

I am proud. 
I am positive. 
And I am growing. 

EDIT: So, this blew up much faster than I expected it to. I will do my best to address as many comments as I can recall (I read all of them today). PM's will follow afterwards, once again I will do my best to answer each to the best of my ability.

You all should read this comment by /u/nanocurious. He filtered through it and picked out the instructional bits that you are looking for.
"For anyone missing the instruction for change, it started with positive self talk and a smile. Fake it til you make it. Take the 17 mile walk. You'll start to wake up after the first 10 miles. Learn how to stop negative thought trains by jumping off. Recognize that you are more than your thoughts. Practice positive effort in all pursuits. As cheesy as it all may sound to the critic within, this works and the critic is a miserable dick."

FIRST UP: THE TITLE. Okay, yeah. Not the best title. But it's not entirely wrong, either. Based on the comments I'd say it's best to agree to disagree and move onto the body of the story itself.

SECOND: I wrote this in a few minutes around midnight. I was unable to sleep, and had to get SOMETHING out. This is what came out. I did NOT write it for ANYBODY. I did not format it to make it a piece of 'literature.' This is what came out of my mind. The periods are stops. And it is far more EMOTIONAL than it is INSTRUCTIONAL and that is likely due to it's rather raw and unedited nature. I did not correct anything between paper and this post.

THIRD: VIDEO GAMES ARE NOT INHERENTLY BAD. DO NOT MAKE THE MISTAKE OF THINKING I AM SAYING THAT. Video games are an incredibly creative, deep, and engaging form of art. And the producers behind them deserve as much respect as the hottest thing in traditional painting. However, in my situation, they had become a rather sinister vice. Due to MY OWN lack of self-control. I do not loathe games, I love being able to interact with a story. The application they served in my life had long lost that purpose though. They became a competitive outlet. A distraction. And an overall time sink. I learned A LOT from playing them. And I would be a fool to say that it was all a waste of time, despite the content of the above text. But there is more (in my opinion) that I could do with those skills, and I realized I was not utilizing them in a manner conducive to my own goals and aspirations.

FOURTH: The god damn book part. No, it's not impressive in the grand scheme of people who read books. I used to consume them all the time, fly through them. But that stopped at some point in my life that I can't remember. And I will tell you that, personally, reading one at all and FINISHING it was a breath of fresh air that I cannot even begin to describe.

More to come, I'm losing my train of thought.