I was 14, chubby, and just finished running our daily mile for P.E in last place (I ran it in twelve minutes), when I started talking to my friend. I found out that he ran it in five minutes. I was frustrated, angry, and didn't understand why I couldn't do that. I told him that I wished I was like him, so I could run the mile in five minutes and I wouldn't feel like I'm dying. 

That's when he said something that changed my life. 

He replied "Is it easy for you to run the 12 minute mile, since it's so much slower than me?" Obviously, I took this as an insult, and snapped "Of course not!" To which he replied "So why do you think it's easy for me to run the five minute mile?" I was stunned. He continued. "Just because someone can do something better than you doesn't mean it's easy for them. Running a five minute mile is hard for me. Even though I'm faster than you, I feel like I'm dying afterwards too. Don't assume that people have it easy just because of their talents."

After he said that, he ran with me for the rest of the year, and my time improved to an eight minute mile in three months. You have to try your best, even when it's hard, because if you start focusing on everyone else, you'll lose sight of what you were trying to do in the first place.

Edit: Hey, everyone. Thank you all so much for commenting and upvoting my story. There's been a lot of people saying that it's the same amount of effort for him to run a five minute mile as it is for me to run an eight minute mile. This is true, but the point isn't that he's more talented than me (and also worked a hell of a lot harder than me) and can do things easier. 

The point is that I was always able to run an eight minute mile. I was just too focused on the fact that he was better than me to realize it. There's always people that are going to be better than you. But that doesn't mean that you can't do your best. I was failing P.E because I got it into my head that I wasn't as good as him so I couldn't do it. Once I started working as hard as he did, I got the eight minute mile and, more importantly, developed a work ethic that has stayed with me my whole life. 

Just because you can't be the best doesn't mean you shouldn't be the best YOU can be. I have a hobby of rapping (something something relevant username) but obviously I'm never going to be Eminem. That doesn't stop me from writing my own lyrics and performing for my friends and family. 

Do YOUR best, not their best, and you can sleep knowing that you worked just as hard as they did. 

(Sorry for the wall of text.)