Friends, this post is not for upvotes but it is for sheer motivation. 

Let me give my background, I'm 27 years old. I am still studying and doing part time job. All my friends are well settled. But I had meet a tragic event. I had drowned in lake at age of 15. Since then my brain was damaged. Doctors said don't have alcohol or any hard drinks and don't study much as your brain is not capable of taking it. I dint gave up. I gradually passed my exams but at a very low pace. Today, all my friends of my age have got into good jobs. But I am still studying and doing part time job for survival. My only friends are guys which are around my vicinity. So this is my quick background. 

Today (May 9, 2015), it was my friend's wedding. At times, he was one of my best friend, he invited me. I went there. I meet all friends, gradually one after the other spoke about their job and success they have reached. It said "I'm studying and part time job" Few of my friends giggled. I asked "what's joke?" None of them replied. Then after  sometime one friend pointed me and said "thank god, I became doctor or else I would have been loser like him". I joked and replied "not my fault, I'm doing my best".  My friends whose wedding was today he said "successful people don't be friend with unsuccessful people still I invited you to my marriage" I got hurt and I asked him "why you all targeting me today" one friend who was girl said we don't like losers in our group" i asked my friend "why you invited me at first place?" He said "it was a mistake." I got tears in my eyes. And place gift on the desk which I had brought for my friend and left the ceremony...

Is it necessary to have success faster to be in society?
I never did bad for anyone nor I thought bad for anyone. It was a worst day of my life. I am highly demotivated just cause I dint succeed faster in my life. I feel like ending my life, but while typing this, I felt good that I have some community to share but I am from inside I'm broken and don't know how to face such in life. 

Please help! :'(

Edit:
Thank you from the bottom of my heart!! I cried so much that I'm getting severe headaches.  
I'm under  urgent medication treatment. Wasted my tears. 
I really can't believe my eyes, such humanity does exist, few hours back I had almost lost faith in humanity. Thanks a lot. I wont ever forget such great souls whom i virtually met! I pray to god that your all good karma payback you in sweetest fruit. 
Sorry, I currently can't reply. But I'll make sure, I'll reply as soon as I can.

Edit: Post 19 hours 
Once again, I'm sorry would love to reply individually. But for now, I am making a general reply, I hope you guys don’t mind if words made you feel left out. I will keep coming back to read and motivate myself. 

The support and love which I have got here is truly like heaven. I could see the lights in darkness. All the advices having deep understanding, kindness, inspiration, friendly advices, motivation, quotes, videos, stories, caring words, those hands for friendship, those appreciation, the tears you guys felt… it touched my heart and this thread has became a landmark place on the internet for proving that humanity will never die. No matter how far "the bad" grow, "the good" will always mark it's presences with beautiful souls like you. You guys have not only supported me but also have supported millions of good people out there who face such painful incidents in this cruel world. Words/upvotes are not enough to say thank you. 

Fake and post history
Some users claimed it to be untrue. You are perfectly correct as just words can’t prove it.  May be I failed to convey it or something that I couldn't make it believable. Situation was such, I found it difficult to believe about what happened to me. About post history, reason to join reddit was to give my brain an extra boost that I succeed as fast as I can. /r/NoFap was the community which inspired me to join reddit with the hope that I will reboot or rewire my brain. And I feel that it helped me a lot and as it helped me I try to help people out there and get helped too. /r/TheXeffect gave me willpower. And that's all what my post history says.

Glided by gold!!
I really don’t deserve it. It is you all guys and reddit which deserve it. Which is partly achieved. I'll make sure that I return back the love with best possible means.


RIP English!
Sorry, some users felt my English improper. I had typed so haphazardly but in that situation it was hard for me to even think. But I tried to fix grammar as much I could. Thanks for making me aware. I respect all those comments too. Also one kind hearted person came forward to help me.
I was very emotional while I was typing the post. And as I said, I felt like ending my life but while typing I got relaxed as I have someone to read or someone to share my pain. 
I believe biggest room in the world is room for improvement. 
I will make sure that I will learn and please don't hesitate to teach me or point it out. 

About my health, 
I am better now. Mentally stronger and how can I stay ill when I got such positive energy reading all your comments. Stay happy and I wish that best things happen in your life.

About my friends,
Guys said "F### those friends" that shows how much pain you felt for me. Thank you for your support. 
Now those "friends" makes me feel that I'm better then them. 
I couldn't forget those words, it kept echoing in my head.  But as a user said forgive and forget don’t keep negativity. I have forgiven them and it won't  keep any hard feelings. Even if anyone ask for help I will help. I won't spoil my heart filling negativity. But I learnt how people can be. Those words are not breaking me anymore. I'm taking it as motivation and I would never depart from my goals!
Thank you, you all are amazing.