About a year ago I realized my computer was running slower than usual-of course this took me a few weeks to realize since the decrease in performance was gradual. Once I realized, I opened the process tab and find this program "depression.exe" running, hogging a lot of my CPU. I'm fairly sure it's a virus, but the weirdest thing is that I haven’t been downloading anything that would contain a virus… and as far as I can tell it doesn't even have a function! Its only purpose is to hog CPU and make it more difficult to perform basic functions.

So anyway I try closing it, but nothing happens. I try again until Windows gives me the typical “depression.exe is not responding”. Obviously I click “close now” and wait a bit, but still nothing happens. I keep clicking everywhere and mashing buttons to end the program (PSA this is an awful idea… trying to do too much will only overload your computer) but my desktop only freezes. Oh well I say, I’ll just restart the computer and hope that tomorrow I’ll have more success in getting rid of the virus.

The next week or so I keep mashing buttons and hitting “end now”, but again this only overloads my computer and forces me to shut down for the day. Meanwhile the virus has been getting greedier and is taking up more and more of my CPU. Programs run slower, and I experience more stutters and lags in processing. Eventually I gave up trying to end depression.exe by conventional means, and sought antivirus software.

The software was a bit of a pain to install at first and costed a chunk of change, and unfortunately did no good. Sure, it was able to detect the virus (it turns out that it’s not so uncommon), but was useless in actually removing it. I had the same experiences with other antivirus software: not powerful enough, didn’t detect the problem, misidentified the virus… the list goes on. I still try to run antivirus software once a week just in case, but most of the time it just uses up even *more* CPU.

Some other users try to help, but it’s obvious they never had this malware. “Have you tried turning it on and off again?” “Sometimes when my computer is overloaded, I just need to delete a lot of processes for a bit”, or “It’ll run quickly again, you’ll see”. They don’t understand just how terrible depression.exe is.

It’s difficult because I rely on this computer for school, work, you name it. When I first had the virus it wasn’t too difficult to still carry out my responsibilities, but since the virus has grown, it’s become *much* more difficult. Some days the computer won’t even boot up. I miss assignments and fall behind, all because of this awful virus. I see others whose computers run just fine and wonder what I did to get this virus, and how my computer is just so different compared to theirs when we have the same model. 

Some days, I just want to scrap my computer. Even though I can’t afford a new one.

Edit: Thanks so much for the positive response guys. I've enjoyed reading all your responses, and hope you get a hug for every bad day you've had :)