Depression takes control of everything, with claws as sharp as knives and a grip as strong as a tiger’s jaw. The world is grey and dull and you feel lifeless, like nothing will ever be okay or feel real ever again.


Depression is being bed ridden by misery, showering is rare and most often you find yourself sitting on the floor with the water so hot you feel like you’re skin is boiling, but you still feel frozen inside. 


Tears are rare, they used to flow freely and often but they have since dried, crying becomes unnatural because you don’t feel anything strongly enough to cry, you used to feel so overwhelmed with sadness you couldn’t breathe but now all you feel is empty and numb, emotions are all faked and you wonder if you will ever feel anything again. 


Shaking hands wrapped around yourself trying to feel secure in an embrace, but your own arms only make you feel more alone. 


Your heart feels like it’s missing, then it feels like it’s there and beating a hundred miles an hour and full of pain that spreads like poison through your veins, taking over your body until you can do nothing but stay in bed and stare at the tv, watching something that you’ve already seen but it doesn’t matter because you’re not really paying attention anyway, and that’s how your entire life feels, nothing matters because you can’t concentrate on anything and it’s all so painful that it feels like there isn’t a reason for anything, so you stay in bed and pull up the covers and leave the light off and the curtains closed.


Depression sucks away at your soul until you have nothing left. The things that once bought you joy are now just a chore, everything you love becomes dull and nothing cheers you up, except maybe getting drunk or bleeding yourself dry or taking so many drugs you forget that you were ever sad, but you never feel happy, just a bit less numb. 


The people around you don’t understand, because depression is not like sadness. Sadness is temporary and fleeting and it doesn’t dig in its claws, it doesn’t even have claws. Sadness can be replaced with music or movies or beautiful sights or friends, but depression turns those things into something else, and the joy they bring to most people vanishes.


 The people that love you try, but they can never relate, which makes it so hard. They tell you to just get up and do something that makes you happy, to just stop being miserable, to just socialize and have fun and be happy, but you can’t and you try and try and try but they just get fed up because you don’t improve, and it’s not their fault, but it’s not yours either. 


You have ghosts in your bedroom of all the people you loved that left, and you wonder why you’re not good enough, looking back on every moment and wondering what you did wrong, why doesn’t anybody love you, why this and why that and what if.


Your mind is a prison that you can’t escape and your bedroom walls become your home. Your heart feels heavy, sometimes you don’t even know if you have a heart at all. You feel so cold inside, like even the sun couldn’t warm you up. 
And you feel so, so terribly alone, because depression takes away your friends and loves and everyone else and no one understands the type of suffering you go through. 

I wouldn’t wish this upon anybody. I don't know how to cope with this anymore.