I took a medical leave of absence from work for depression/anxiety and I was in and out of my therapist's office all of last week and the start of this week.  On Monday my therapist kept coughing a lot and clearing her throat and blamed it on seasonal allergies – which I found strange at this time of year.  Today I received a call from the counseling center.  The woman on the phone said she wanted to discuss my next appointment with my therapist.  I was kind of annoyed because my therapist had previously rescheduled on me a handful of times over the last few months and my work schedule makes it difficult to figure out.

Anyway, the woman hesitated before saying that my therapist had passed away.  I instantly just had a head full of bees and confusion.  I asked what happened and she said my therapist had respiratory issues and had gone into cardiac arrest on Monday and been taken off life support that day (yesterday).  I was just in complete shock.  I still am.  The woman continued to talk about how my therapist was the only one who accepted my insurance and would I be interested in being reassigned therapists on a sliding fee scale?  I couldn't believe she was just carrying on in this business-like tone like she hadn't dropped this bomb on me.  I mumbled something and got off the phone.

My therapist was only 33.  I'm 27.  She went into cardiac arrest HOURS after our appointment.  I've been seeing her for a long time.  She has kids and a husband.  I've been browsing /r/relationships over the last few hours just up with insomnia and every time someone mentions going to a therapist, my head just hurts all over again.  I've only experienced death a few times over my lifetime and this was just so unexpected and still doesn't seem real.  I know we had a professional relationship but I just am feeling so much grief and shock.  Grief and shock like one would discuss with their therapist.  I just don't even know.  I feel so stupid for all my trivial little complaints in her office over the last few weeks.  I KNOW that was her job and I couldn't have predicted her dying, but it seems so petty in retrospect to complain for our entire last session about hating my job, not knowing she would be dead hours later.