I just needed to vent about my depression and my issues with society's stance on it somewhere.

I thought these were supposed to be the best years of my life? I'm not ugly, and I like to think I'm funny and friendly, so why don't people like me? I'm always alone. Always, always, always. I've spent my whole life in transition, and though I've made "friends," I don't have anyone I can rely on.

I know it's stupid, but I want to be wanted. I want people to like me, to want me around, and to give a shit if I fall off the face of the earth. But they don't.

I have no money, so I can't do the only thing I really want to do: get away. I'd love to just hop on a train or a plane and just get the fuck away from here, but I wouldn't know where to begin. I don't even have enough gas to get out of the state.

My family loves me. I have a boyfriend who, though I can't see him often, loves me. What's wrong with me? I take 225mg of venlafaxine every day, why aren't I happy? Life leaves me with such a sour taste in my mouth. I feel like I'm out of things to look forward to. I'm two years into my college career, transferring schools for the fall semester, and changing my major to something I hardly care about.

I hardly care about anything. I don't want a job.  I don't want to work. I don't want to do anything, but I'm sick of doing nothing.

All I used to have was my writing, and I'd almost be thankful my depression is back so I can write again, but I'm too unmotivated to even crank out a poem. 

I'm sick of people liking everyone better than me. I'm sick of myself. I'm sick of not getting invited out. I'm sick of coming up with reasons not to eat or cut myself.  I can't let my family down by dying, but I'm letting myself down by staying alive.

I don't get what's so terrible about being alone. Society has made it so taboo to suffer. Where are all the other depressed kids? I'm sick of having the party scene shoved in my face. I don't have friends who want to hug me, I don't have people who want me at their parties. I just want some other depressed kids with no fucking friends to come over and sit with me and not feel the pressure to fill the silence.

I'm sick of the social "trend" of not having friends. Don't post a status saying "omg have no friends" or "lol so depressed such a loner" if you're on your way to a friend's house. I don't want your ironic hipster sadness shoved in my face when I'm barely staying alive every day.

Fuck, man.

I think I'm going to get rid of everything I don't want anymore. I'm going to go clean out my room and check back for messages here in an hour. I don't expect a response at all because this is just a cliche vent, but if you've made it this far, thanks.



******Edit:****** Holy shit, I was not expecting this big of a response. I love you all. This has been beyond amazing. So many people have said this is the first time they've ever been truly able to relate to something, and that just goes to show that we're all a little more similar than I thought.

I'm trying really hard to respond to everyone but it's taking forever to get through everything! Just know I appreciate and read every single comment and message and I am trying to get to everyone. 

To everyone feeling similar to me, stay strong, we can do this, and message me if you need anyone to talk to.
To all the advice-givers and comforting people, thank you. You have affected me more than you can ever know.

Also, for some reason, I feel like a lot of people are assuming I am a man. I am not a man. This does not matter, I just thought it was odd.

Thanks, and I love you all a bunch!