So last night, I met this girl for the second time and realised that I really liked her. *Really* Liked her. Having those feelings for someone again made me realise that I'm not actually too far gone, that I can be normal again. I thought we had really hit it off, (Jokes were shared, we spent quite a while on the way to/back from the club [We didn't make it in...] cuddling under my coat). We bumped into some friends at the bus stop so nothing came from the cuddling, and I went to bed feeling actually, truly happy for the first time in a while. I decided that today I'd call her up and ask her out.

I woke up at 8 the next morning, earlier than I had reason to and just started drawing. After at least 2 hours I'd finished. 

[Here's the picture I drew](http://imgur.com/L62LBka)

After this, a friend of mine came to my room to smoke up with me, and told me that he'd hooked up with her last night. I was sad at first, but realised something.

I don't mind. I feel for the first time in a while that there's hope. If I found someone that could make me happy just by being around me, I'm sure I can find someone like that again.

I've decided that I'm gonna change my life around. From now on, I'm going to fake it till I make it. All the little things I've given up on (Daily showers, laundry, cooking meals ect) I will start doing. I'm going to start boxing /thaiboxing again, and make sure I make my lectures, even if I feel like having a bed day.

Stay strong everyone. Even if you can't see how things could get better at the moment, you just have to reach out into the darkness and hope for the best.

Edit: This has gotten a lot more response than I was expecting, so thanks :) You guys have made my first day of trying to be happy incredibly easy :D. Also, if there's anything I want you to take from the picture, it's that you can be who you want to be. It might seem hard being you at times, but the great thing about being yourself is that you can change and become whoever it is you want to be.

If anyone needs someone to talk/vent to, send me a pm! I promise I'll try to reply to everyone.