I'm in a very weird position right now, and I really need to vent. Because I haven't been able to get out of bed for the past few days. You don't have to read this story (its long), but I really just need to let this out.

So, to preface this, I am in college right now, and every year since I was young I have been going to the middle east, and spending time with my family over the summer. Last summer I met a girl, who I connected with more than anybody I had ever met. As an anti-social, frankly ugly person I had never been great with women, never had a girlfriend, or a friend who is a girl. 

But this girl was beautiful and funny, not that smart but amazing. Really amazing. I spent the entire rest of my vacation with her. She was my very first girlfriend, my first kiss, my first lover. But, I had school so I had to leave, I spent one last night with her and promised to keep in touch. And I did. 

Everyday after classes I'd send her a message on WhatsApp and ask her how she was. She meant so much to me, and I felt like I wasn't worthy, so I started working out, tried to improve my Arabic, and took care of myself for once. She pushed me the entire way, talking with me on Skype and really making me better. I believed she was an angel sent to save my life, and in many ways she was. 

But a week ago, she stopped responding to my messages. I thought she had gotten bored of me, I thought the worst. And then the worst happened.

I offhandedly asked my relative in Lebanon what had happened to her. She sighed and sadly told me that she had moved away. I knew she was lying from the tone of her voice and pressed it. Which now I regret... a whole lot. 

She told me that this girl, my first motivation and first love had been murdered. She had been raped and killed, and found dead in an alley. I was so horrified I closed the phone and began to cry. I went to bed, crying. slept for 3 hours and woke up soaked in my own tears. Then I stayed in bed and haven't gone to my classes since. I've laid in bed not talking to anyone and I feel like I'm dying slowly. 

Even now I'm crying, feeling empty inside. Feeling like my heart is shuddering with every breath. I have a constant sense of despair in my stomach. And I keep sending her messages hoping that this is some sort of cruel joke on my relatives part. My parents have come by and tried to comfort me but have given up. My best friend has tried to console me but he isn't the touchy feely type to  begin with. I don't know why I wrote this, but I really need to vent, to get this out of my head before I go back to school tommorow. 

I'm sorry for the novel, thanks for reading if you got this far. 

 Edit: I really am overwhelmed by everything everyone is saying. I'm reading every comment and I hear everything everyone is saying, even if I don't reply thank you.