A while ago, I decided that I would "come out" and tell friends and family that I suffer from depression, in the hope that they would actually care and understand my situation. Believe me, it was better when they all was left out in the dark. 

So going from having a fairly "normal" relationship with my family and friends, I am now treated as the outcast that nobody wants to talk to. My wife is ready to leave me, mainly due to my depression and she makes no attempt to hide that this is the reason. My parents haven't really spoken to me the last year, they have the opinion that a depression is a "minor ting", and it's just to snap my fingers and change my attitude... So they basically won't bother talking to me until I "snap out of it", as they so elegantly put it. My sister just simply turned her back on me, but she is a genuine cunt anyway, so I am not really bothered by that. Good riddance. 

When it come to friends, I've always had very few real friends, and after I started telling people about this, I was quickly down to only one (just proving that the people I considered "real friends" wasn't so real after all). Unfortunately he unexpectedly died about 3 months ago, so now I am basically alone. 

After I started being honest and let down my false mask of pretend happiness, the people I thought was my friends, abandoned me. My family treats me like I am either "the village idiot", or like I have a contagious disease and thus dangerous to be around.... I think the only two humans who still actually love and care about me, is my two kids. I guess that will last until my wife and other family brainwash them into thinking the same way about me as they are...  

At least I had some "friends" and family before I stupidly opened my mouth, and sort of a social life. Now all of that is gone... 

I thought I was lonely before all of this. Now I know I was wrong. I found this definition in the dictionary earlier today:
Loneliness; standing apart; isolated. E.g "a lonely tower".

I guess that is what I am now... A lonely tower... 

Stay safe and survive. That is what I try to do every day.