Hi, I'm a long-time lurker here.  I just wanted to say that today is my last day here.  I do not belong in this subreddit any longer.  

What I'm saying is, I do not feel depressed any more.  I've felt this way for several months, but I couldn't be too sure.  However, today was my last day with my therapist, and it was perfect timing.  

I have not been on medication, I've only been in therapy since April 2013.  This was the first time I ever left my therapist outside of moving away (I grew up moving an average of once per 2-3 years) and I think it was the right decision.  

I do not feel brought down by problems in my life, or let my anxiety get the better of me.  I see doors instead of walls.  I see friends instead of enemies.  I see love instead of hatred or fear.  

The world has become beautiful again.  And I truly believe it will stay that way for a long time.

Thank you for listening :)  

Edit:  I came back here and wow, hi again.  I feel so warmed by all of the responses you guys have given.  One commenter asked how I got to this place.  My answer is consistent therapy, and finding a strong support group, mostly friends and my family.  I've been in and out of therapy since I was 12 years old after my first suicide attempt.  Honestly, I had to really make a conscious effort in my life to improve it.  Maybe I'm lucky, maybe this won't last for long, but basically what I did was find out what things exactly in my life were bringing me down.  What did I hate being a part of?  For me, that was religion.  Some people live happy, fulfilling lives by serving God or other deities, but I am not one of them.  In doing so, I found autonomy in my life choices.  I no longer feel guilty over certain aspects, such as my thoughts on sexuality, or perfection.  

But again, these are my own realizations.  Many of you have stated a hope to be in my position, and from they way I've been feeling and living my life, I hope for you to do so as well.  Once again, thank you very much for the well wishes and congratulations all around.  ((hugs))