Honestly.  I’m not.

I’ve suffered with depression for most of my life.  The first time depression hit me I was around 10 years old, and this young version of me, with the weight of depression settling upon me, was confused and panicked.  To throw the full weight of depression upon a 10 year old is a very cruel thing to do.  I was very sad.  Nothing made me happy.  The lights seemed dimmer than they were yesterday.  The brisk wind of a long reality of misery was crushing me.

I opened a laboratory inside my head, and invented instruments, and ran tests on myself.  I developed tools, and defences, and coping mechanisms through my teenage years.  I worked on recognizing the triggers of my depression, and if depression seemed to still sneak through my defences, I worked hard to isolate the depression, until it died, dried up, and blew away.  My mental defences became strong and alert and always on guard.

I did have a half-hearted suicide attempt when I was 20 years old.  I was in the service, and we had a short month deployment out to a high altitude location in Nevada.  Despite being desolate, the accommodations were very nice.  The barracks that we stayed in were very similar to a hotel.  We had lots of delicious hot food.  We didn’t work a very demanding schedule.  There was a nice lounge with video games.  My room was warm and comfortable.

Outside of my room, as I would stare out the window, was a beautiful and pristine landscape.  Desolate, but beautiful, and I felt as if I was in God’s country.  It was always quiet outside, with a wind whipping by, and nature staring back at me, uncaringly.

For the first time in a long time, I was happy.  Honestly happy.  I decided that I never wanted to be depressed again.  I would get headaches a lot, so I carried a bottle of naproxen with me.  Not caring whether I actually lived or died, I took about half of the bottle and then went to bed.  I knew that if I did die, that someone would find me when I did not show up to work the next day.  I knew that my parents would be sad.  My friends back home would hear of the news and would be shocked.  But, as I smiled, I would be okay with all of that.

As I fell asleep, I could feel my body start to tingle.  It was a nice feeling, and so I just went with it.

I woke up the next morning, feeling fine, and got my cammies on and went to work.

There was also a time when I was cutting myself.  It was a short period in my life, and I now know why people feel the desire to cut themselves.  It’s to relieve stress.  Just like trying to relieve the pressure inside of a pressure cooker, you have to poke a hole in yourself to relieve the pressure inside of yourself.  Also, since mental pain is invisible, cutting yourself creates a wound that you can see and point to.

Through my 20s I played a dangerous game when I was depressed.  I would pick a date on the calendar, some random date a couple weeks into the future, and I would remember that date.

When that future date would finally arrive, I would think back to the original date, and I would think of what happened in my life during those couple weeks in between, and whether if I had killed myself on that original date, would I have missed anything of importance.  Most of the time, no, I would not have missed anything important.  I did this several times, and never found that I would have missed anything important.

Yes, that was a dangerous game, and I now see how dangerous it was.  Now that I’m past it, and can look back on it, I feel relief.

I’m now in my late 30s.  I have suffered with depression for three quarters of my life.  I have come to the conclusion that I will probably be depressed for the rest of my life, and in opening up with certain members of my family, I have learned that it most likely is hereditary.

I certainly don’t want to be depressed.  I still work hard to defend against it, and I fight to slay it during the times it slips past my defences.  But, really, I come to the conclusion that it’s just a particular trait of mine.  Just like how I have brown eyes and my feet are a size 9, I’m also depressed.  Some people have diabetes.  I have depression.  So be it.

And with recognizing, and acknowledging, and admitting that I have depression, just like an alcoholic admitting publicly in a meeting that they are an alcoholic, it no longer has absolute power over me.  In calling it by its name, I have taken its power away from it.  Whenever I feel horrible, I point at myself and say, “Well, no wonder I feel depressed.  It’s because I am!”

Now, I still deal with it on a daily basis, but anymore, it’s more like a little dark demon that walks beside me.  Sometimes it pokes me in the side.  Sometimes it says some really nasty things to me.  Sometimes I point at it and laugh.  Sometimes we play video games together.  Sometimes we have long conversations.  It’s certainly cranky in the morning, especially while I am trying to get it dressed for the day.  But, it’s always there, and I have come to accept it, so I work with him.

I cry often.  Much more than a male is expected to cry.  For the longest time, I was embarrassed about this, and thought that it only proved my weakness.  Not anymore.  I relish the crying.  When I sense it coming on, I walk away, and once I get to a private area, I let it all out.  I let it all out like I’m vomiting the depression right out of me.  And afterward, like the period after a maelstrom passes, the calm and quiet is one of the most delightful experiences I can think of.  Debris is strewn all around me, but I sit calmly in the center.

My definition of happiness is the absence of pain.  And, I’m fine with that.  My frequency of life may be quite lower than all of the people around me, but that’s okay.  I acknowledge it.  I recognize it.  I embrace it.  The way I handle everyday living is by honestly looking for the little joys in life.

I love open-faced meatloaf sandwiches.  Whenever I see one on the menu, I order it, and every open-faced meatloaf sandwich that I eat is the best one ever.

Instead of focusing on the storm around me, I focus on that beautiful spider web in that tree right over there.  I wonder and marvel at the beauty of it.  I see it waving in the storm, and I see the tiny spider holding on for dear life, and I root for him.  He’s going to survive the storm, and so am I.

So, yesterday was Thanksgiving, and I treated it like a test.  Due to a wonky work schedule, and conflicting schedules with my family, I knew ahead of time that I would be all alone the entire day of Thanksgiving.  With depression, this can be scary.  But, I decided to embrace it and see what happens.  Granted, my antennae were up and working full time to detect any oncoming storms, but I felt safe and confident that I would be able to handle anything that came my way during the day.  I purposely put myself into this position and gave the demon the advantage, just to see what happened.

And so, yesterday, I woke up and I slapped the demon beside me and said, “Come on.  What are you waiting for?  Are we doing this, or not?”  And I dragged him along with me all day long, on purpose.  I chided him.  I taunted him.  I threatened him.  I made fun of him, and I laughed at him.  We threw barbs back and forth at each other all day long.  He tried to scare me.  I called his mother fat.

I made it through the day, and in the evening, I was enjoying some beers, sitting with my demon on the couch, and we were binge-watching episodes of the show “Life”, which was cancelled back in 2008, but remains to be one of my favorite modern day shows.  By night time, my demon was worn out, and I was quite tired myself.  I had survived the day.  I had thrived through the day.  I smiled, and I fell asleep.  The demon was snoring contently beside me.

In a couple short hours, I will be travelling to spend some time with family over this Thanksgiving holiday.  I have a lot to be thankful for.  The demon will now be on my turf.  He will have the disadvantage.

Everything is okay.

It’s all okay.