Perhaps not directly, browsing this subreddit has influenced my life enough that I feel grateful to have been a part of it. Just knowing that there are others out there who understand my pain have been immensely important in supporting me, making me feel less alone, to allow me to get to my current position. 

Unfortunately, in some ways, this relief means I can no longer understand your pain. It's upsetting for me at times, to know that my depression, something that brought me and my best friend closer through our mutual understanding, is gone. I still love my best friend but now that part of our relationship is gone and I truly can only help by being there for him. I won't pretend to understand, like I could before, what he's going through because I'm not going through it anymore and I respect him enough not to lie to him. In a way I do understand that it's a difficult part of life, one that can force us right to the edge. I've attempted suicide before, I've instantly regretted it. 

My depression, now I've come to understand it so fully that I could rid myself of it (that old feeling, the awareness that my depression was stupid, is gone, it makes complete sense to me) looks like chronic stress, where stress brings about the emotional responses of guilt and/or fear. Now, I still have many symptoms of borderline personality disorder that are easily exacerbated by stress (awareness of my triggers is helping ease this, even when the triggers are present, they are less effective if I'm aware of them now) and I'm getting help, I feel hopeful, like I could get out of this mess I'm, make this mess I am into me. 

I won't keep going into my own depression though because I understand (and still agree) that depression is depressing. 

Safe to say now that this has been the best year of my life so far, I've been through a lot of shit and come out of it by finishing my first year of uni, making the best friends I've ever had and getting myself the help I need to move on with my life and be a better person instead of having, what most people would  interpret as, a negative attitude and taking responsibility for the things I can change and accepting the things I can't. I've struggled alone for years because of low self-esteem making me believe I wasn't able to improve or I wasn't worth improving. 

Perhaps I just got lucky, I just waited and kept going through life until good things happened enough for me to get myself out of this kind of life because it was obviously not working for me. Perhaps I'll never know. But I do care, and I'm trying to understand best I can, what it is that society has labelled as wrong with you, and make you feel better. Thanks again for the support, it helped. Feel free to PM me, I may lurk occasionally, goodbye!