I am Japanese.  Many tourists assume Japan is cool, and full of polite and nice people, yet Japan has high suicidal rate.

I think this is because when you are nice, some bad people will take advangage of you.  (It goes the same anywhere I guess.)

I can be a often too nice and naive, and I trust people so easily that I find myself in risky position...  I have been a target of abuse and bullying all my life.  It started from my own parents, and now Japanese work place.  I have managed to escape from each and every abuse by turning to police, Labor Standadard Inspection Office, and so on.  I have been lucky to escape them all, yet whenever I go to new environment, or relationship, I still become the target of bullying.  It repeats because I have depression/PTSD, though I "look" healthy and respectful.

They just do not understand.

I am 35 years old, but still look young and happy.  But I have attempted suicide a lot of times (from cutting my own wrist to overdosing sleeping pills) I fail to kill myself everytime.

I have visted the infamous Aokigahara, and it was a beautiful place.  Yet, something tells me that, if I try hanging in the forest, something bad will happen, yet I remain alive, suffering from even further pain.  (my mind might go crazier, or I might get permanent physical damage even though I am forced to stay alive.)

I want to die, but I cannot, which depresses me.  I need to escape from Japan.  But I am not sure if I can, which depresses me.  I want to not be a victim of bullying, but it is accepted as a part of culture, which depresses me.

I do not want support.  I just want to contribute.  But I am no happier even if I did or not.

However, I thank you  very much for taking time to read my writing.

Edit: Thank you very much for beautiful, inspring helpful comments.  I stopped drinking alcohol today(!), and I woke up knowing I am not alone, and I will start planing to move out of Japan.  This was never possible without comments on this post, and I cannot thank you enough taking your time to write to me.  Thank you once again.

For those who private messaged me, I will respond to you very very soon.  I have to work tomorrow but give me a week.  I honestly am thankful to each one of you who read and commented on this post.