I've been a subscriber to r/depression for a long time; I suffer from both depression and anxiety, and am currently taking medication that helps considerably. 

I guess I just need to get it all of my chest, and I apologize if it's a bit long. 

My parents divorced December 2012. After that, my father and I became very close, as my mother was exhibiting very selfish and irrational behavior that ended up pushing a lot of people away. My father was my mentor. He was my friend. He was a great man. 

In December of 2013, he passed away at 48. I'm 24. It was horrendous. I lost him, and was thrown into a massive storm of shit to deal with since I was the executor of his estate. 

A few weeks before his death, I began dating a girl. She was the perfect fit for me. She was smart, caring, and incredibly empathetic. When my dad passed, she began spending a lot of time at my house with me and my friends. She helped me through a lot. 

About a month and a half ago, she left. A half-cocked story about needing to find herself, and now I'm on my own, and still dealing with the aftermath of my fathers death. 

I was still not on good terms with my mom. She was not being a mother. She continued to disrespect my fathers memory, portray herself as a victim, and cut down the ones I cared about. Time and time again I gave her a chance to step up, and she failed to. 

This past week, my mother committed suicide. She wrote out her list of next of kin, took a handful of prescription strength sleep aids, and went to sleep for the last time. She decided she would rather be dead than reconcile the relationship she had with her children. 

My sister was just admitted under a 5150 as a last ditch effort for her to end her self destructive ways and get her life on track. It doesn't look promising. 

I sit here, smoking a cigarette, with my two dead parents dogs lying at my feet, and am overwhelmed by anger, loneliness, and defeat. 

I'm trying to keep myself from shutting myself away from the world and crawling back to my old hermit ways. 

If you took the time to read this, I thank you. I just needed to vent. 

And to add something; for those of you struggling with suicidal thoughts, as I have in the past, please PLEASE seek help. Don't do this to those that care about you. 

EDIT: Wow. I wrote this last night before getting some rest, and I woke up to a whole lot of positive feedback and support. I can't tell you how much it means to me. 

For those that sent me PMs, I will get back to you as soon as I can. Thank you to everyone here for being so supportive - you guys seriously have no idea how much it helps. I'll be going through everyone's response today.