Hi. I'm very sorry but i haven't posted here (or anywhere) before. If I break rules or something can you please just disregard this, I don't mean to be rude or inconsiderate or anything. 

My wife has depression. She has been suffering with it for a few years now. It first hit really hard when she became chronically ill (unrelated to mental health) and her best friends bailed on her for being too much drama. She's had good and rough patches since but tonight has been tough. She sent me this message earlier tonight.  

"All my life, I have never been anything other than ordinary. I have never been exceptional in any way. I have never been pretty, or particularly intelligent, or good at sports. 
I have never been anything over than ordinary. Average.
I am okay with this. Most people really are ordinary. 
However, I am kind. And generous. I am passionate and considerate and whilst I can be selfish, I am often selfless. I don’t bully or harass others. I vent sometimes about people, but I’m not a gossip, I don’t spread rumours, and I am fiercely loyal. I care about those that I love, and would do anything in my power to protect them. I stand up for what I believe is right. I fight for equality and animal rights.
I have plenty of faults. I can be hot-headed at times, but I am almost never unkind. I worry too much and am often incredibly sensitive about things.
I am not perfect, and I have made mistakes, but I have never pretended that I haven’t. I have never pretended to be someone I’m not (at least, not since high school).
I do not believe I am a bad person. I do not believe that I do bad things or treat others badly.
Yet all my life I have never been good enough.
I’ve had friends, yes, and very good friends.
But for the most part, I am hated. I am seriously disliked by so many, and always have been, for reasons I have not and do not understand. I’ve had friends abandon me, time and time again. I’ve been bullied, picked on and ostracised. I was never liked in high school and I frequently overheard my so-called friends say things about me behind my back.
I was weird. Different. I spoke too much and laughed too loud or I was too quiet and too sad. 
And nothing has changed. No matter where I go, no matter what I do, no matter who I meet, it’s always the same story.
Over and over and over again.
I am weird. Different. Unlikable. Friends often turn on me, abandoning me for different reasons I am yet to understand. Some I never will.
And I don’t understand. I really don’t.
What is it about me that is so wrong? What do I do that makes people dislike me? What am I missing?
Do I do something wrong? Do I say something wrong? Is it the way I act? Behave?
Am I blind to my faults, so much so that I can’t see them?
I just want to be liked. I want to have friends. I want to know that the friends I have in my life aren’t going to suddenly abandon me, too.
I want to know what is so damn wrong with me that people hate me on such a frequent, regular basis.
Because this feeling is killing me.
And it makes me want to die."

Caring for her can be hard but there is nothing more worthwhile that i can do. I'm hoping there is someone on here who can relate with her? If that's you, what do you wish someone had said to you? 

Thank you