I always struggled with depression more or less during my teenage years and well after. I am now 25 and can say that I am on my way to recovery thanks to a lot of good people and luck on my side. With one of the people that helped me a lot, if not the one that helped me the most, I haven't talked for a very long time. When I moved back home, this December, I promised myself that I would get in touch with her again, but I said *"Let's wait after Christmas, that's for family and everybody's a little crazy during those days, I'll just let things cool down".*

Two days ago, I saw it on Facebook. She jumped to her death on Christmas Eve.

She helped me understand a lot about empathy and what it means to truly care for another human being, without wanting anything in return. She was kind and smart and beautiful and I can't imagine anyone that couldn't have liked her. She was involved in every club and charity you can think of and she always wanted to help. She loved nature and being outside. She loved to read. She loved making other people happy. She always had a smile and something helpful to say.

I feel like I was blind the whole time. She understood how I felt, but I never bothered to listen.

I really don't understand. I can't understand anything anymore. I feel like the world is closing in around me.

She was the best person in the world. She didn't deserve any of this. Anybody else. All of them. Just not her.

I haven't felt like this not even when my mother died. I feel like screaming my lungs out. I can only think about her and what went wrong. What could have gone better?

Every time I take a walk outside alone, I feel like crying my heart out. Whenever I'm with people, it takes all I got to keep it inside. Unfortunately, she and I have no common friends. Although I know a lot about her friends and her family, she was the only one that I really knew. I will meet everybody at the funeral and I don't know what to say.

I feel like I took away all that hope for me and left nothing for her. I just want one more minute to tell her that I'm sorry that I wasn't there.

My head feels like exploding, my whole body is shaking and I don't see any point. What the fuck Reddit? All the love in the world couldn't shine enough light to see what she really felt. The whole world feels empty and cold.