It is a horrible feeling, a constant battle in your own head, it's impossible to describe. You just feel sad and down all the time, it's not like I am choosing this, I am not making excuses for being lazy or absent, it is a genuine struggle to even move sometimes. You are constantly beating yourself up over every tiny little detail, physical details, small offhand comments, voices in crowds, even minute non conversational exchanges.

You tell yourself a lot of horrible things, rationalise reasons others don't like you, don't want to talk to you. Once you attempt to help yourself, then it becomes a battle to identify these illogical thoughts, however deep down the illness makes these cruel and intrusive thoughts your reality. 

Different emotions get overplayed in your head, you become numb, you feel nothing, not happy or sad or angry or confused, just empty. You become vulnerable to becoming addicted to anything that offers even just a temporary takes the pain away. 

Depression eats at you forming vicious circles. It tells you that you are worthless, your life has no value, and that every single person that is around you is there only out of obligation, fleeting sympathy, or even to make fun of you. Your whole reality just becomes one giant charade of mocking characters. The more you run and hide and be "polite" because people clearly don't want to talk to you anyway, the further you isolate yourself and the harsh reality is that after enough time, people just forget about you, they take your silence as a personal attack, people are inherently inward and think because you are quiet or take the quiet route it is something they've done, when it's often your own fear that makes you do that. It leads to paranoia, insomnia, voices, short temper and anxiety, which are symptoms of the bigger problem.

I actually hate the fact it's called depression, because normal people can feel depressed, maybe you fail a test or your partner dumps you, the title depression implies that is a state of mind that comes and goes, and while it varies in severity day to day, I feel like unless you have actually experienced it, you don't know what it's like to have to put up such an enormous and complex facade to mask the never ending crippling sadness.

People say "you look tired" "why the serious/sad look?" "why so monotone?" Because I am tired and I am sad. All the time. 24/7/365. Even when you reach peak euphoria, say laughing with a group, the voice immediately jumps back and comes up with a reason the gratification is false.

It's not a nice thing, to feel this way, it makes you fear and resent the outside world, preventing you from reaching anywhere near your potential, it makes you wish you were dead, it makes you want to kill yourself, it makes you want to kill everyone else so they would understand your pain, but I learned a long time ago that violence never ever makes any situation better.

If I have to take time off work because I break my leg or I develop cancer it's fine, because people understand that there a physical reasons that I cannot operate at full capacity or sometimes cease to function at all. Because of depression, you harm yourself, you want to kill yourself, you lay in bed for days in a catatonic state, you wrestle long sleepless nights, staying awake for days, you throw up, you can't eat and starve, you overeat and have to curl up, you spend all your money on drugs, you get angry and force out anyone who's still around. So if anyone is genuinely thinks I am trying to validate a mopey or lazy lifestyle, take a glance at the above list and imagine what it's like dealing with these problems day to day.

You never voice your opinions because depression tells you that they are not worth expressing, that you are worthless, that other people will call you out for taking about yourself for even just a second, this will probably never be posted anywhere because I don't want to burden anyone with the task of reading it, I don't want it to be misconstrued as self obsessed tripe, I don't want to shade other peoples more serious problems, 1001 other bullshit reasons why I shouldn't post this 

I as a Redditor try to explain a lot of my behaviour using the introvert extrovert situation. I eat and sleep, drink and walk along alone all day, I sit and listen to music and have fun with my hobbies, read some interesting books and watch some great films, and it works. But god damn I am alone :(

Thanks for probably not reading.


Edit:
God damn guys, I cried so hard just now coming back to see so many of you have been genuinely touched by my late night ramblings, I feel a lot less alone now and it reinforced the fact depression is a mere illness that can be improved upon. Thanks for the comments, upvotes and gold, and having your countless and genuine heartfelt replies gave me a boost to call some of my old friend and grandmother today and see how they were. I feel a lot better today thanks to so many of you and going by the comments so do some of you, you are all more than welcome for any warmness this gave you. 

I love you guys and thanks for proving me wrong and actually reading.