You’ve been asking yourself that question for a while now.

As the subway pulls in at St. Clair West, you contemplate when you’d have to step out in order to meet the oversized bullet speeding towards its next stop. How long it’d take you to hit the bottom of the tracks, if maybe you’d catch the third rail first and die by electrocution- painful. Not the way you want to go. Too much time in too many dark corners of the internet have taught you the numerous ways a human life can be extinguished.

The seats of the trains are questionable stained and likely just as old as you are. You take one without so much as a second thought and double-check your destination. The thoughts of third rails and TTC bullets vanish with the gust of wind that follows your out of the station.

Your doctor asks if you’re suicidal.

You remember your first real attempt, almost two years ago. You remember arguing with your mother about something- school, grades, whatever it is teenagers fight with their parents about. The recirculated air of the car chokes you, the weather uncharacteristically warm for May. A boat named 4PLAY passes you by. You don’t know why you remember it as well as you do, but it’s the most brilliant memory you have of that day.

She says something. You snap.

Seatbelt off. You wonder how far you’ll roll. The highway is busy- maybe you’ll hit a car. You know somewhere in the back of your mind you’ll probably survive, but it doesn’t bother you. What bothers you is what happens when you reach for the handle.

Locked.

In retrospect and in the doctor’s office, you’re thankful it was. You don’t know what would have happened after. If there would have even been an after.

Your doctor asks if you’re suicidal.

You recall a hunting trip with your dad. Guns are not strangers to you, but you’re conscious of their weight. The weight of the rifle in your hand is the weight of wicked lethality, of potential waiting to be unleashed. It reminds you of the full stop at the end of a sentence- immediate and total cessation. Were you to turn it on yourself here, two hours north of the middle of nowhere, nobody would ever find you.

Your dog pelts through the undergrowth to your side. Hardly a hunting dog, he prefers chasing butterflies to stalking prey.

When you were first put on medication, your mother brought him home in hopes of speeding along your recovery. He’s the sweetest, prettiest thing you’ve ever met. You didn’t understand innocence until he sat at your feet while you cried for hours, sometimes without cause. Sometimes the only way to get through the week is to remember that he’s waiting for you. He needs you. He can’t live without you.

You wouldn’t be alive without him.

Your doctor asks if you’re suicidal.

The answer clings stubbornly to the back of your teeth. This wouldn’t be the first time you’ve lied to him. Wouldn’t be the first time you’ve faced him after trying again. If three attempts have taught you anything, it’s that it’s surprisingly hard to kill yourself. The human body is remarkably resilient. And while thoughts of suicide come and go as frequently as hunger pangs, you still have troubling telling him yes. Three attempts and days spent hung up on close encounters that could have been seem like succinct proof, but you have trouble convincing yourself of your active desire to not live anymore.

Your doctor asks if you’re suicidal. 

You struggle to answer him, words forcefully pulled from the back of your throat. You’re not sure if you have the strength to kill yourself, you tell him. But if you were to be in the path of the runaway bus, you don’t think you’d have the strength to move, either.

***

Originally submitted to /r/sad, but after numerous PMs I was told to post it here as well.

I wrote this in my first year of university, arguably the deepest part of my depression. I thought I had rid myself of all of my angsty drabbles but apparently neglected this one, and only found it when clearing out my external hard drive. Maybe /r/sad isn't the best place for this, but I've been a long-time lurker and feel like a lot of people here could benefit from knowing they're not alone. I know I did.

For the curious: I'm doing better now. I'm still seeing my psychologist, my dog lives at home with me, and my boyfriend will be moving in with us next year. I'm so elated that my life is finally looking up after struggling for so long. 

**EDIT**: Wow! I can't believe the amount of feedback this has gotten. Thank you everybody for your support and sharing your stories. I've never had a piece of writing touch so many people before and I'm so glad to hear that year-old rambles can help so many people.