It has taken me an uncountable number of hours to work up the motivation to do this but I feel that it will be both useful for me theraputically while also maybe useful to others. I'm a 23 year old male who is currently unemployed and living with my parents. I graduated highschool just fine and actually was accepted into the University of Washington where I attended for 2 years before dropping out. Immediately afterwords, I began a journey of employeement at a T-Mobile call center for a couple years. I lived on my own or with roommates from the time I was 18 till I was 23. A series of very unfortuante events and decision making errors have led me to where I am now...with my parents and unemployeed and severely depressed.




I was diagnoised with MDD (Major Depressive Disorder) and GAD (Generalized Anxiety Disorder) when I was 16, and I had signs of it around 15, so I have been struggling with this shit for a long time. About 8ish years I think. It feels like an an entire lifetime in itself. My parents have spent thousands and thousands of dollars trying to help me navigate through the clusterfuck shitshow that is mental illness treatment. I have seen ~8 therapists, ~6 differnt general doctors, and been prescribed a whole pharmacy worth of medications that have varied amounts of success and failures over the years. I think I'm getting pretty close to around 20 total prescribed drugs for this, not including the 130 different drugs I self medicated with from 20-22...but that's a whole other story in itself. 


But this is not about me as an individual...it's about the illness as a whole. Probably one of the most misunderstood and stigmatized illnesses there is, it's incredibly difficult to talk about openly without people getting frustrated or angry or even accusatory with your feelings because they cannot rationalize how someone could think that way. Analogous to someone with a brain tumor trying to describe to someone without one what that 'feels' like...it's not fully possible and nobodies asking non-depressed people to understand, we are asking for empathy. Nobody should have to understand this illness. 





Nobody gives a fuck about depression until someone kills themselves. It's a harsh sentiment but it's true. This is why it's so important to promote education about chronic depression and the realities that it creates for individuals. Everytime someone kills themseleves, people are astonished, dumbfounded....How could this seemingly happy person have given up and felt a suffering so intense that it overcame their fear of death? To anyone who has chronic depression has encountered the abyss that is your mind when you're having an episode, it's obvious how that could push someone over the edge. 


The other harsh reality is that very rarely does someone just kill themself without first asking for help, even if subtley. Severe depression takes a long time and a lot of unforutnate events to manifest into suicidal ideations. Nobody as a young kid looks at themselves in the mirror and says "I hate this life so much and i am such a burden to others that i no longer want to be alive". The thought would never occur to them. So what happened? How did our happy little child in this scenerio end up hanging from a balcony? 




These are difficult situations and concepts to talk about. But that's the problem...nobody is talking about them. You didn't notice your friends or family members suicidal ideations because you weren't looking for them. You don't have the illness yourself so you could never rationalize how someone could take their own life when they seem to have so much to live for. But don't blame yourself either...It's not your fault. It's nobodies fault other than society as a whole for misunderstanding and refusing to accept it as a major problem and also depressions fault for being such a sneaky fuck. Even after a suicide however it's still very hush hush because it's such an uncomfortable scenerio for all remaining loved ones and people who knew them. 




I fucking hate the word depression. I hate describing myself as depressed to anyone who doesn't intimately know me because there is so much stimga to that word because of people misusing it or misapplying it. Depression is NOT being sad all the time, depression is NOT the feeling of grief after a close relative/friend dies, it is not the feeling of crushing loss when your sigificant other breaks up with you. Those are all events where it makes rational sense to feel sad and despair. It's natural to feel alone after a break up. It's a shitty thing that we all deal with in life. Depression, as an illness, actually very rarely has anything to do with feeling sad. Every individual is different but my depression is rooted strongly in hopelessness and lonliness. 

What the difference is, I feel these emotions all the time, dibilitatingly strongly and for NO apparent reason. Great things can be happening in my life, I can have all the friends in the world, but I still sometimes can't get out of bed because I feel so physically exhausted from the intense grip of hopelessness that I cannot rationlize the source. I'm a different person, lost in the void of intrusive thoughts that tell me over and over again that nothing I do matters and that I'm useless. To give you some perspective on how powerful these thoughts are, think about that light bulb moment when you finally realize the answer to something you were thinking about for a while. Or if someone explains something to you and it "clicks" and you go "YAY I GET IT"...that's the same level of psychological power that those intrusive thoughts have on me. The sensations of truth when I feel the hopelessness are so powerful it's analogous to trying to tell yourself that the sky is not blue or you don't need to breath to survive. It's extremely difficult to overcome thinking that has become so poisioned that it's now apart of your framework...it's part of what makes you, you. 



Add to that bullshit an augmentated illness such as in my case GAD(Generalized Anxiety Disorder) so now you have all these feelings of hopelessness and that nothing has meaning, but now we get anxious about not accomplishing anything. Which than makes me feel more useless and more of a failure which decreases the liklihood of me doing anything which furthers the anxiety and you can begin to see what a clusterfuck of a negative feedback loop that this creates. Other individuals dealt even unluckier hands have combos of depression, anxiety, ocd, add, bipolar...ect. You get the point. It's not a good hand to be dealt at all. Combine all of those tragic coping mechanisms with some life tragedies and some shitty, well intentioned but misguided support from those who care about you and you have yourself a bit of a clusterfuck. It begins to make sense why our innocent undamaged child from the scenario is now hanging from a balcony.