So episode 3 of the new season, at the end, Rick walks past his family, being a bit more quiet than usual, then walks downstairs and comes very close to completing suicide (he passes out at the last second.)

When I see a suicidal person on TV I feel like 9 times out of 10 they're standing on a bridge, weeping their guts out, waiting for someone to come along and talk them down. Maybe there's a crowd watching them, cause that's what everyone wants at their suicide: an audience. Now this obviously does happen, but I don't think it's the majority of attempts. Those might be more likely to be a "cry for help" scenario  (which is no less serious and tragic than someone who is fully committed to completing suicide. If you're standing on the edge of a building or taking any sort of steps towards suicide because you feel that's the only way you're going to get help, then you are really desperate for help.)

Anyway, for a person who has been suicidal for a long time and doesn't want anybody interfering, I feel like this  is so much closer to how it goes down. Family is home, they don't notice much different about the person, and it's completed without a lot of fanfare. You just want it done. It reminded me of Hunter S Thompson's suicide. His adult son was in the next room and thought he'd heard a book drop.

Rick is also one of the only characters I can think of that has depression and successfully hides it. He comes off as angry and mean, which is exactly what my husband has been saying about me. I'm angry all the fucking time. Because I'm in pain and I want to die, and I've used up all the fucks I had to give just getting out of bed today. I have no patience or kindness left for people annoying me or being stupid. Still, most people who know me have no idea how sick I am until I tell them.  

Rick and Morty likes to make you laugh at something, then force you to think about why you were laughing. Rick is a funny old drunk grandpa. Old people who are always taking swigs  from their flask and don't give a fuck are funny, right? Except nobody drinks like that without a reason. Healthy people do not need to be constantly drunk, the hangovers and cost to your health are enough to keep most people to some sort of reasonable level of consumption. Also, most people just don't feel the need to drink from when they wake up to when they pass out. 

Rick Sanchez makes me feel like somebody gets it.