Little by little it takes over and you don't even realise.


Mojo, joie de vivre, raison d'etre. Gone. With no explanation. Nothing satisfactory anyway.


First you stop enjoying time with friends as much. It feels empty. It's draining and distracting from that niggling urge to do nothing.

Then it's the lack of ambition in your job. You'll do as little as possible and leave as early as possible while still being under the radar. You get quite good at being mediocre. But you remember when it mattered to you. Just a memory you brush aside.

Then the things you used to find interesting don't hold that spark anymore. Read a book? Nah. Paint some art? Nah. Write... you used to love writing? Nah. Reddit? Yeah. Netflix? Yeah. Until I fall asleep.

And you sleep way more. You just want to be in bed, alone. You're annoyed you have to leave the house to go to work. You get headaches and withdraw more.

Then even the things you used to be able to force yourself to do become too much effort. Cleaning your home gets put on the long finger so much, you end up living in near squalor. Your pillow case is yellow and there are old McDonald's packaging all over your window sill.

You start to think your friends are against you, that they don't care about you. You have done so much for them, listened to their problems, left them alone when they wanted to be left alone, went to the end of the earth to help them out in their time of need. But where are they for you? How could they do this to you? How can they turn their backs?! Everyone is obsessed with their own problems in life. And now it seems, you're obsessed with yours. You feel guilty.

Anger gives way to apathy. You cut them off. They can't hurt you if you don't care about them.

You think you're ok though. You still laugh at jokes and genuinely find them funny. You can have great conversations with people. You can really enjoy a game you're playing or tv series you've become engaged in. You can sometimes feel good even if it's brief, manic even.

Sure, you ignore the occasional thoughts of suicide. Push them away. It's only attractive not because you feel sad, but because it just seems like a better option than the years of loneliness and boredom stretched out before you.

Then you have a small spark of motivation. Today is the day you'll clean up the house. Nope. It wasn't. But it could have been.

Today is the day you go to the gym. You've only put on a little bit of weight, it wouldn't take much to become hot again. Cos you were hot. But now guys just look past you. You've gotten older and chubbier and you feel the rejection deep. So you stop caring about dating. Today was not the day you went to the gym because no matter what you look like, no one is ever going to love you. They didn't when you were hot. Why would they now? So why deny yourself some tasty food, it's not like there's anything else in life you've got going for you? And another package ends up on the windowsill with it's other rotten fried friends.

Today is the day you enlist in that course you always said you'd do. Do better in work. But then you think with all the stress you're under you can't handle more stress. So you don't bother.

Even the tiniest problems seem like insurmountable tasks and it quells the spark of motivation every God damn time.

You need help. But you can't ask for it. Last time a friend was depressed she started acting really bitter and paranoid and was always crying on nights out, bringing everyone down, spreading negativity. People stopped inviting her out and eventually she faded into memory. It's better to lie. Better to wear the mask of happiness. But you know it's a mask and it's a lead mask.

You can't go to a doctor, it's too embarrassing, too shameful, too scary and too skeptical of medication.

You research online and find that eating right and exercising can do wonders. But when you resolve to do better, you do worse. You sabotage yourself and you don't even understand why. Then you hate yourself. You're disgusting, why would anyone be there for you? How can you expect to get anything good out of life when you're a piece of crap?

You cry, you sob, you break down wailing at the light-hearted end of Raising Arizona when it shows them old with all their children coming to visit. You don't get to have that. You're just going to die alone. 

Everyone has moved on in life except you. And no one seems to care.
It's up to you now. When was the last time you felt happy? Were you ever?

I am the only person standing in the way of myself. I'm the only one I'm fighting. And I'm winning. I'm losing.