i don’t want to be a person anymore.  i have extensive experience - i’ve been a person for decades now but i just find it isn’t really working for me.  it was exciting for a while - there were toys and holidays and going to the beach and sledding, and animals.  but it quickly lost its shine and degraded into years of sitting idly pretending to care about numbers, and then pretending to care about more complicated numbers, and then pretending to care about objects, and then pretending to care about more expensive objects.  

i tried to do the whole social person thing too, smiling when people say vaguely funny things, responding when they ask you questions, drinking liquids when other people drink liquids.  it was ok while it lasted, but people mostly go on to make more people, or to make dollars, and obtain objects of increasing complexity.  so i feel that personing is kind of played out.  does anybody know of an alternative?  do you think I could get into being a rock, or some kind of bird?  flying seems like it might be fun.

i’ve considered the possibility that I might just be burnt out on personing. i’ve tried to take a break from it, but it’s difficult.  i’m wearing some kind of meat sack that needs to be fed a few times a day, it needs to be taken to the toilet regularly, and it requires a fair bit of effort to do any of these things, and you can’t stop unless you take the meat sack off.  so a break isn’t really an option.

i’ve often thought about trying a different angle on personing, like being some kind of violent or criminal person, or a healer, or a riverboat captain.  but all of those seem pretty unappealing - they’re either morally questionable, or they require years of effort to try personing in a new way that I might not even like when i get there.

i’ve also tried the whole relationship person thing - it definitely has some perks to share experiencing life with somebody else, but ultimately it seems to work out that the somebody else really wants to co-person - they want to person their way through things, and they expect you to person your own way as well.  which never really works, so it seems best to let them go their own way and find somebody else who they can co-person with.

so it seems that maybe personing is just not for me.  i’m not really against it in any way - it seems to be great for lots of people, but i don’t think i’m one of them.  it’s not that i don’t want to enjoy it, believe me, i would love to wake up in the morning and think to myself about all the great personing i’m going to do today.  i’m sure it’s great if that’s what you’re into, but i wonder if it’s just time that i try something different.