I am slipping back into depression lately after years of finally feeling "better" somehow. The current state of the world with all these shootings, terrorist attacks, police brutality, islamaphobia, homophobia, racism. It's like everywhere I look there's just hate and I can't escape it. Friends, family, coworkers. And of the people I do know who aren't full of hate it seems like all they do is watch reality tv and stay glued to their phones.They all talk about bullshit celebrity gossip while the world seems to be falling apart.Front page today says antibiotic resistant bacteria is becoming more of a problem and could start killing us all within the next few years. Kylie Jenner called her sister fat. The old man at my work tells me how 3rd world countries should murder all their poor people so that only the rich are left and they won't have to deal with poor freeloaders anymore. Charlie Sheen might have HIV. 30 Nigerians killed in a suicide bomb blast... how come no one ever talks about them on facebook? It's just... overwhelming. For the longest time I tried... I tried to just ignore media. Ignore facebook. If it just makes me depressed then don't watch the news right? But it doesn't change anything. It's all still there. I have a job where every day I have to plaster this stupid fucking smile on my face and bullshit with strangers and coworkers about sports that I don't fucking care about, or who did what on the red carpet of some awards show, or what night club is hot right now that they should check out when they leave? And don't get me wrong I do love my job and I love people and meeting them and talking to them but it's just so hard lately when all I can think about is how many fucking people are gonna die in a drone strike today? In a suicide blast? In a school shooting? Shot by a cop? Cops shot by people pissed about cops shooting people? How many people are going to starve? Die from some unimaginably horrible disease? Get hit by a drunk driver? The place I work is actually a place that would make sense as a terror target, and our security kinda sucks. I have nightmares about shit happening there. All I want in life is some modicum of peace. I just want to see people not hurt each other so much, all the fucking time. So it's a bit hard when that's all I can think about, to put on that stupid smile, and talk about the game, or the new tux you just bought, or what music festival is coming up.CAN'T YOU FUCKING SEE PEOPLE ARE DYING!? CAN'T YOU SEE PEOPLE NEED YOUR HELP!? YOUR CHEERING FOR A BOMBING CAMPAIGN THAT JUST TOOK OUT HUNDREDS OF INNOCENT CIVILIANS! DON'T YOU REALIZE THEY'RE PEOPLE TOO!? WHY AREN'T YOU HELPING!? ... why am I not helping?  I just ... I don't know what the fuck to do. When the world is the way it is it feels like doing anything is fucking pointless.It feels like I don't want to exist here. But if I die then I can't help. But how can I possibly help? It all just feels fucked. But I'll put on that smile. And I'll say Hi folks! What can I get for you tonight? And we'll bullshit about the game. And you'll tell me how "Katelyn Jenner winning an espy was bullshit, people think they can get away with anything these days", and in the back round I'll see the quick shot of bodies laying in the street next to a bombed marketplace. And no one will care, and I'll ask if I can get you a refill?