I understand this is an extremely morbid title and perhaps I'm wrong, maybe I am truly just projecting my experience on to him. But something clicked in my mind as of late.

My friend was an extremely outgoing person. He was loved by everyone he met, always a smile on his face. He cared about everybody and most importantly he cared about himself. He had the biggest ego out of anyone I knew, always talking about how he's the #1 this or #1 that.

I remember talking to him about being more attractive, especially to girls. He gave me advice about going to the gym, how to make your personality better. Basically how to have a positive attitude like his own.

Then, in September of last year, he jumped off the balcony of his apartment which was on the 30-something floor.

This shocked everyone. I honestly thought it was a joke when my friends told me the first time. They had to repeat themselves multiple times to register it in my head.

This guy. The guy who was basically my role model and close friend just died... By his own hands. It made no sense.

Why? Why would he do this? He seemed happy, he was going to school to do what he loved it made no sense.

The morning he did it, he sent an email to my friend. It was worded poorly, I'm sure his brain was not fully functioning at that point. He said his goodbyes, that he was sorry, that he was being selfish. All that stuff.

But he wrote something that I didn't really put into consideration at all and that was the fact that he said he truly wasn't sad. That he was simply done.

I didn't get it at all, I mean I did to an extent but I couldn't understand how a guy like him would just say "Fuck it" and end it all like that.

But then recently I've been going through a ton of personal growth. I'm seeing the world through new eyes and honestly through a lens I feel like he was looking through too. Because I have been striving to become the best person I can, to become number one, to have a great personality, to improve myself to the best I can.

And like I said, something connected.

The fact that I'm doing all of this shit. All of this work. For what? Why? The more I improve myself, the shittier everything seems. I work so hard just to suffer through a shit job, or a shit class or a shit relationship, a shitty everything. I have to maintain a fake as fuck frame, pretending everything is so cool and great when in reality I'm stressed, probably sick in some form and not to mention over all just lonely.

And that's just the thing.

It's being lonely. Maybe he wasn't lonely, maybe he was just truly done. But I feel like that's the thing that pushed him over. And it's not a silly "Boo-hoo I have nobody to talk to" or a "Friends aren't talking to me at this moment" kind of lonely. It's the kind of crippling loneliness that comes from realizing that nothing matters. That nobody matters. YOU don't matter, she doesn't matter, he doesn't matter, nothing matters. Nobody owes you anything. 

And at first this thought process was freeing.

Wow! Nothing matters? Nice! Of course this didn't mean I went around punching people or breaking laws, but it opened my eyes up to how I could become someone better. That because nothing really matters, I shouldn't worry about things as much. That there's no reason to stress over what I say, what I do, how I act. Just to loosen up and have fun.

This was great. My ego went through the roof adopting this nihilistic point of view. And not in a necessarily negative way, I just felt GOOD to be ME. Which was surprising and addictive... But eventually lead to me feeling like this.

Once I started working on me, me and more of me I started looking around. I stopped putting people on a pedestal and realized that people fucking suck. I very might as well be one of those super sucky people, but from my point of view I'm somewhat decent.

I realized how empty and shallow people are. That people basically go for looks or a loud/obnoxious personality. And I understand many people step all over the whole defending of being a "nice guy" sort of thing, but stepping out of those lines and becoming a somewhat obnoxious guy that only cares about himself and his looks just sucks.

I become one of those people I view as empty and I hate it. But it terrifies me to step down and go back into a position where I was constantly being stepped on and literally abused. This is creating a tear in my personality and life, making things ridiculously difficult.

And this is where I feel like he gave up. And I can't blame him. I feel like I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place. I'm told to just "be my self" but when I am I'm ignored and used. When I put on a persona, walk around doing some act I feel empty...

What the hell am I supposed to even do?

Adding this on top of the stresses of growing up, watching my friends suffer because they're too poor to even afford food on some days. Seeing that the planet is going to shit, the government is being ran by people that don't give a shit about the average person, that people are (as a whole) are simply vain and predictable.

It just sucks. It seems so nice to just be rid of it.

I'm not planning to end it, I'm just venting. I have so much more to say but I've already written an essay. I miss my friend so much and wouldn't ever do that to my friends.

But like I've seen so many times on this sub, "I don't want to kill myself, but I'd love to stop existing".

Thanks if you read all this, it's quite a lot. It's also pretty early where I am. I have a flight in a few hours and wanted to get this off my chest. I hope life is treating all of you well.