I.

When I feel depressed, I don’t want to hear about the newest vitamin that cured your depression. I don’t want to be reminded that exercise releases endorphins, or that I should go out and meet some people.

Believe me, I’ve already thought of this.

I don’t want to be pressured into going to your party because you just know it will help me. I don’t want to be called out during the party to dance like everyone else. I don’t want to drive twenty minutes to see you when just getting out of bed is like climbing a mountain.

I know you mean well, but it’s not just the thought that counts, it’s the effort too.

I don’t want to know that people have it worse than me. I don’t want to hear about the time you got divorced and your mom died in the same week, but here you are now, scarless and happy. If I could just stop and get over it, don’t you think I would have done that years ago?

My monster isn’t like yours. My monster stays when the reasons have gone away. It tells me that I’m worthless simply because I’m depressed. You want me to feel your empathy, but all I feel is isolation.

When I’m depressed, I’m a scared little child cowering in a corner. I don’t know what to do, and I don’t see a way out. The people moving around me fade into the background, like algae seen through a murky lake.

When I reach out of the fog and try to catch the hand of a passerby, I see in their eyes their thoughts about me. They are judging me. They have the answer where I don’t. They were able to get through it, but I am not. They know what it’s like because they’ve been sad before. They think what worked for them will work for me, and since it’s not their fault I feel this way, it’s my fault.

I’m already judging myself, so it’s natural to project that into other people. Now I am doubly judged. I judge myself and I see others judging me. I don’t belong here. I am not normal. I am not wanted. I’m not good enough. So I stop reaching out.

And you don’t get it. You think that because I don’t ever ask you to help me, that I don’t want your help. You get frustrated because you just can’t get through to me. You don’t understand why I can’t just accept your love. You want to know why? It’s because I don’t believe I deserve to be loved. And why should I? I don’t love myself.

II.

I don’t like anything about me. I HATE myself. It feels like something about me, about my core, is broken. I do not experience depression, I am depression. Something about the way I was put together is wrong. The common thing in my life is me, my depression, and I. Why couldn’t I have just -- said yes to the girl -- left when I knew it was over -- saved my money for bills? I hate that I make so many mistakes.

I hate myself, and I can’t see the way to get better. No one wants to help me, or if they do, they don’t understand me. They are uncomfortable around my depression. I make a joke about death. No one gets it. They haven’t been there. They see a menacing threat, an evil shadow where I see a warm embrace, soothing quiet, and certain peace. I’ve exhausted all my options; I’ve tried everything. I hate that I can’t fix myself.

But don’t believe for a second that I don’t want to live. I do. Those times that I stay at home, alone, in the dark, still in bed, skipping work, school, friends, promises; those are the days it takes everything in me just to stay alive. But I’m prolonging the life of someone I hate, and I resent that.

III.

What is it that I want when I’m like that? Locked up in my house, refusing calls? Letting Netflix play until I want to vomit all over my -- formerly -- favorite shows? What does someone who hates themselves, who sees themselves as broken and unfixable, what does that person need?

Honestly?

A hug.

I want someone to come over and hug me, and not let go. I want to feel like I’m not in your way, that you’d rather be nowhere else in the world than here with me, comforting me. I want to know that you would stay all day if that’s how long it takes.

I don’t want you to talk about yourself, I want you to be interested in me. I want you to ask questions about how it feels. I want you to look in my eyes with concern. I want you to smile at me simply because you’re pleased to see me. I want to know that you’ll spend as much time as it takes to understand exactly how I feel. I want you to talk quietly. I want you to enjoy some silence with me. 

I want to know that there is nothing I have to do in exchange for you doing this for me, that I don’t have to earn it. I need to know that you are complete without me, so there’s nothing I have to do for you unless I feel like it, and I want to know that you aren’t doing anything for me for any other reason than you feel like it.

Why do I want you to do this? It’s because I want you to show me that I am valuable, because I can’t believe the words anymore. I want you to work hard to understand me, because I can’t feel connections anymore. I need you to prove it to me with your actions, because the words lost their meaning to me. I do want you to tell me, over and over again, how it totally makes sense to you that I’m depressed, that you would be depressed too if you were me, that I don’t owe anyone my happiness. I want you to tell me that the people who say otherwise are dead wrong.

And you know what? Maybe once you’ve done this, I might listen to your advice about eating right and exercising. Maybe I can articulate why your suggestion wouldn’t work for me, and we can figure out something else, together. But I can’t open up to you until you show me you love me, because, remember, I hate myself, and it’s easier to believe you hate me too than to accept that you love me.

So before you ask if I’m seeing a counselor, ask me what kind of help has been effective for me. Before you try to solve my problems, listen to me telling you what my problems really are. Before suggesting I get out and see people, spend some time with me alone.

And maybe after you give me a long hug, I might want to go to your party.