I don't know why I'm writing this, honestly it makes me feel pretty stupid. I've been depressed for years but I've never told anyone because I don't want to look weak. I put up a persona that makes me look tough, when in reality I'm fragile. I have so many thoughts and feelings but yet I only express my cynicism out loud. People perceive me as an asshole, but in a good way, ya know? I have friends, but I don't connect with them. I have trust issues ever since my childhood best friend came out as gay and tried to have his way with me.

My depression was at its worst when I was 15 so I stared smoking weed. It dulled my senses and I could finally sleep without laying awake for hours just thinking. Eventually I got caught and got locked up. Later on I moved out of my moms and abusive stepdads house and I'm living with my sister. Things have gotten much better over the past few years. I actually have days where I feel great, like nothing's wrong. Then other days I barley function and all I think about is suicide. 

Death would bring peace. I hate feeling like shit but I don't kill myself because I can't let my sister down. She's taken care of me so well, and I don't want it to go to waste. At the same time, though, I want to leave. I got accepted to college but I don't even want to go. I want to just drive across the country and start new, get my own apartment, own job and restart. But I can't because that'd kill me. I know if I did that I'd never be able to afford school, and I'd live a mediocre life. 

I hate that I despise people, yet I feel the need to be around them. To me, humans are the scum of the Earth. We're corrupt and nasty, disloyal and selfish. But yet we're beautiful. Fuck life.

I guess I'm just writing this to vent since I haven't ever really told anyone about how I feel, nor will I ever. I've been to a couple of therapists and talked about things but I can't open up, it's just not me. The only escape I have now is weed. For a couple hours at a time I feel nothing but bliss. I love everything when I'm high. I wish I could feel like that all the time but it's not possible. Fuck life.