A clip from Harry Potter:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiWRoMOeoLo


The dementors in the book and film were a metaphor for depression. They sucked the life out of you leaving you feeling as if you'd never feel happy again. Although everyone was affected by the feeling, some, like Harry, were more affected by it than others because of the horrors he had witnessed in his past. Some of his peers made fun of him, others worried, not understanding why he was greatly affected by the dementors.

He eventually seeks a way to repel the dementors, and his professor teaches him a special charm to do so. His professor tells him when conjuring the charm that he needs to focus on a happy memory, i.e. feeling happy. This never produces a strong charm though. Towards the end of the book/film, we see what *does* produce a strong charm against the dementors.

In the clip I posted, Harry had traveled back in time and is now watching his past-self being attacked by dementors. I feel like this scene touches on meditation or at least viewing yourself objectively. He's watching how the depression is affecting him from a detached state.

His past-self had thought someone else had produced the charm to save him, but then his present-self realizes that no one else was there to do that except himself. He runs out and produces his most powerful charm yet. Later on in the book and film, he mentions to his teacher that he produced his most powerful charm not by focusing on trying to feel happy, but by doing what was right, needed in the moment, and by believing in himself.

If you notice Harry's face in the clip when he produces the charm, he certainly doesn't look happy, but because of the actions he took, happiness eventually finds him. Your goal out of depression shouldn't be to feel happy, but to be happy. Being happy means doing what you know is right, doing what you need to do, and *being* optimistic even when you *feel* worried, etc.

"You know exactly what to do. Don't be afraid. Keep on walking."

^(There are probably lots of things that could be filled in here, like eating chocolate after the dementors to make you feel better, which could be seen as appreciating the small things in life / stopping to smell the roses, and maybe I've mistaken some details, but I'm tired.)

^(Just want to also mention that it's impossible to feel happy all the time, which is why it shouldn't be your goal. You'll surely fail.)