As the title says I am completely alone. Loneliness is killing me. As introverted as I am, I just can't deal with the fact that NOBODY wants anything to do with me. When I say I have no friends I mean that 100%. I don't have a single friend, not even an acquaintance. I'm so alone that most days I don't even use my voice (unless you count crying). I'm going to be one of those people who lies dead in their apartment for months before anyone discovers the body. (I'm not suicidal, even though I should be)

I'm in my mid 20s & graduated from college quite a while ago. Even in school when it's supposedly easy to make friends, I was alone most of the time. I had a few "friends" come and go, but they were just narcissists who kept me around because they wanted somebody to listen to them talk endlessly. If I tried to say anything about myself they ignored me or just shut me down. I was just a receptacle for their self-absorbed rants.

I hate myself so, SO much. My depression has lasted for over 6 years with no end in sight. I'm pretty sure it originated from the constant rejection and bullying I experienced in school. Tried therapy multiple times. They just took my money and offered nothing. So I tried self help. All self help resources suggest "reaching out to a support system"... "a strong network of friends and family is key to your success". Well, fuck. I don't have a support system! 

People always say "you are not alone"... But I AM. Why was I cursed with horrible social skills, anxiety issues and a boring personality? I'm a good person; I may be shy but I always treat people with kindness if they give me the chance. If I had a real friend I'd be so loyal, I'd love the hell out of them. But instead I just repel people. Go ahead and tell me I'm whiny, downvote me, whatever I don't care. There is nothing anyone can do to me that can match the pain of living a life in constant, unyielding isolation. I'm so tired of being invisible. Is anyone else just 100% completely alone?

*EDIT: Woah, I wasn't expecting more than a few replies. Thank you all so much. ;_;