For a while now, I have felt very lonely for myself. I had been gravitating away from friends and family, and I was planning on just kinda distancing myself from everyone. I felt like I got on everyone's nerves, that no one really wanted to see me at all, and the only reason for people talking to me was because they were too nice to just move on. I hate my life as it is, I have no direction for which to follow, and I will probably die alone. Today was a breath of fresh air! I had a combined lunch after all of my classes, where everyone was, and due to the school band schedule, my usual group was nowhere to be found. I had kinda talked to one of my friend's friends every once in a while, but nothing long or lasting. She is one of the sweetest and outgoing people I have ever witnessed. She had approached me, asking me about what my favorite anime or show was (I am a tall, skinny, creepy looking otaku) and I was caught a little off guard at first. This conversation went on for the length of lunch, and I was starting to go on my own to reach the bus to go home, and she grabbed my arm, and asked me where I was going. When I had told her, she told me: "Well, so am I!!!", and once we walked together to the point where we would separate, she stopped me, and asked me for a hug. I happily accepted it! I could hear the people behind me going: "He's got a girlfriend?!", just like everyone else would say. I didn't fucking care what people thought at that moment. I got on the bus, sat by myself, and I thought about what just happened. I had a smile on my face, probably broke something to make a smile! She had given me the time and the attention that I needed after a long day of exams. So, people of reddit: Please, you guys and gals, don't give up hope! I know you people are all going to be fine if you give it a bit of time! Thank you for your time, and remember, if you smile, or talk to someone who needs it, I promise you, it will make their lives!
EDIT: To everyone that upvoted, or commented, thank you a lot! It is awesome to know you guys care!
EDIT EDIT: You guys just hit 100 upvotes...I cant believe how thoughtful you people are! I am so happy!!!