So.. Today I was having a good day! The first in a while! I got up at a reasonable hour after an actual nights sleep, I've had 3 meals, brushed my teeth, braved the cold and cycled into my nearest town to have a coffee with actual real people in person! 

Then I went on reddit.. It was good at first, I saw some things that made me smile and that felt great! I had the balls to make a comment on a new-ish thread on a high traffic sub because I felt good and sure, what could go wrong? Well.. Lots actually.. 

I got crucified for using an ellipsis correctly by grammar Nazi's. Way to make a depressed dyslexic seriously worried about cognitive decline feel.. By other IT people who criticized me for not knowing about a feature in a service I don't use and by others, where were not IT people, for engaging everyone in what I thought was a polite cordial tone but they somehow took as me spoiling for a fight

So I deleted all my comments.. Even the one's making loads of Karma.. Because fuck that shit.. I don't even want to be reminded.. It's the first time I've ever deleted anything from Reddit and I'm not proud of it..

And if that one guy who pm'd me reads this.. Thanks.. Thanks asshole.. Thanks for tormenting me and reminding me that no.. No I can't hack getting ripped to shreds on the internet.. And no, no I should NOT have to expect this.. You should be less of a douche bag IRL and be more considerate of others and how they might feel or be feeling..

So.. Now I sit here.. Feeling like today was actually worse than the last few days.. Back again to wondering why I ever social media..

I know this is kinda very ranty and why more melodramatic than what I normally what I see when I lurk.. But I really just had to say something.. To anyone about how bad this whole experience over the last 2 hours made me feel and here felt like the best place..

EDIT: I don't know where I expect this to go, but I would just love to thank everyone for chiming in! I don't feel great, but I don't feel shit either any more and in large part, that's that thanks to you guys!

So thank you

EDIT 2: Was listening to the You Are Not So Smart podcast and the most recent episode has a 10 minute primer on why people on the internet suck.. I found it fascinating so I thought I'd share that

Also.. Today isn't that great either.. But that's more down the death of Alan Rickman, a giant of acting but also a man a lot of people could learn a lot of from. A kind man with a giant heart.