About a week ago my wife left the apartment, bought a gun, drove somewhere secluded, pulled over and shot herself. I have been with her since 2007 when we were still in high school. We became adults together.

I have always had mildish depression and anxiety, but she has always had major depression and suicidal ideation. It just kept getting worse and worse. She tried all sorts of medications, therapy (including DBT). She had a partial diagnosis for BPD as well.

I'm not even exactly sure why I am posting here other than to vent a bit. I see a regular therapist and have an appointment monday. I am also on an SSRI already, so I am taking the proper steps. I just am so beside myself. I always knew it would happen. She told me it would and that there was no way to change it. I lived in constant fear and anxiety that she would have a breakdown or even kill herself. I had to make so many excuses for her to my family throughout the years. I could always tell they disproved (even if only a little bit) of me putting so much effort into her. I think they better understand now.

I do not mean to be dramatic, but I feel like, even though I do not regret being with her, it has tormented me in a deep, possibility irreversible way. I know she never meant to harm me and it was the depressed train of thinking she had, but only about a week before she killed herself, I finally got her to admit what I suspected for a long time. She was distancing herself from me for 8 months in order to soften the blow of her suicide. For 8 months at least, she was purposefully distant, did not even try to console me when the situation became too hard for me. I felt so alone. I hate myself for being just a bit relieved that she is dead, because the pain of seeing her suffer was so unimaginably hard to bear.

I feel so angry at her parents, especially her mom, for always putting her down. Making her feel worthless. Her mother is the literal worst person I know. She always acted as if she supported her daughter in everything she did when out in public, but in private she shit on everything she did. My wife was literally a genius at least according to the IQ tests the doctors gave her when diagnosing her mental illnesses. She was an incredible artist who painted, drew, sewed, wood burned, and a shit ton of other things. Anything art, she could do. And her parents hated that, because she did not want to join the Navy like them or go into business. She wanted to teach and almost achieved her dreams before the depression worsened to the point that she quit school and work.

I just wish could have been different for her. All she ever wanted to do was help people and make the world better. I just want to sit on my ass and play video games. Why here and not me. I work in corrections and see a bunch of scum everyday who love the fuck out of themselves. Why not them. She never hurt a god damn soul.

Edit: A name.

Edit 2: I just want everyone to know that I was hesitant about even posting anything about my situation, but I am glad that I did because it has been very therapeutic. I only have two people in my life that really understand depression and how it affect one's thoughts, feeling and beliefs. Most of the people in my life just do not have the ability to comprehend what happened and I am both glad and deeply saddened that the people here do. So thank you everyone.

Edit 3: Thank you kind stranger for the gold. I think I know who is was, but I will just leave it at that.

Edit 4: Just a few photos of my wife's art.
http://i.imgur.com/voMvgJ3undefined.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/V7SxmO6undefined.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/Na9pNNwundefined.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/ImVCmRVundefined.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/9LaFOOoundefined.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/yv7aO1Iundefined.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/l7XegFTundefined.jpg