I turned 21 today. I live in one of the biggest college towns in the country. When you turn 21 here, it's a big deal. I just finished my third year of college and my third year of having absolutely no friends. I'm not the party type or anything, but it still is a bummer not to have a single friend to share the occasion with. Today I received three texts (more than most days): one from my mom, my dad and my cousin wishing me happy birthday. In all fairness, I don't have a facebook and I don't expect people to memorize by date of birth or anything, but it still feels really sad not to hear back from anyone. I guess I've never been comfortable with having a facebook, the idea of being so interconnected which each others' lives and making daily status updates is such a foreign concept to me. But I think in not having a facebook, I've sacrificed my social life absolutely. 

Anyways, I've spent the entire day in my room with the lights off trying to drink away the depression of today and of college. There is not a single person who if I called them right now, they would pick up and talk to me. I've been fighting with my parents and after a few shared 'unpleasantries,' are not answering my calls because they want we "to cool off," and understandably so. I've been 'no contact' for ever a year with my girlfriend ( I knew from highschool) who I ended up dating long distance when we started college. Today, I made an attempt to call her (went to voicemail) to ask her if she'd let me take her out to lunch as friends to catch up but I haven't heard from her. It really breaks my heart that I lost that person who was my best friend for a good part of my life. I assumed she would have remembered today was my birthday. I certainly didn't forget hers. 

Anyways, If you've made it this far, from the bottom of my heart, thanks for listening to me vent. 


EDIT: The Reddit community has been absolutely amazing. You guys have been sending me happy birthday wishes from all corners of the globe, I've been getting offers for people to buy me drinks, and some have even given me their cell numbers to talk/text me if I was still feeling down. You guys are unbelievable. You turned what was a miserable day for me into one of the most memorable birthdays I've ever had. From the bottom of my heart, thank you. For all of you who took the time to help a stranger on the internet, thank you. Your words of encouragement have lifted up my spirit exponentially. I can't say it enough: thank you, thank you, thank you.