She texted me to say good bye while I was gone for a couple hours today. I was busy and didn't even see the message for 30 minutes. She was gone by the time I got back home. She had been fighting depression and I guess she lost. I called friends and family for support right after 911. They've been with me all day, but now that everyone is sleeping, I can't. The image of her hanging there will haunt me until my dying days. That was my baby, my better half. Falling asleep without her at my side just feels wrong. There's a huge hole in me and I don't know what to do or how to handle it. I just cry, I've been crying since 3pm. My face hurts, hell, my whole body hurts. To anyone that has lost their love, how did you handle it? What gave you the will to want to go another day? Or anyone that just wants to talk, keep my mind off that image. Not suicidal though, couldn't imagine putting someone through what I'm feeling.

Thanks for the kind wishes everyone. The xanax has finally kicked, in chest isnt hurting so much and I'm cross-eyed.hopefully be able to get some sleep. Can't take any more tonight.

I was able to get a few hours of sleep this morning from the xanax. Spent today with friends keeping me busy, I haven't cared about any of it. I've been out of it, just following them around, nothing matters to me anymore. I know the sun shown today, but I didnt notice it. I've caught myself pulling out in traffic without looking, not on purpose now but it has happened a couple of times. Not sure why, I guess it just doesn't matter to me anymore. I'm gonna quit driving for now. My school friend said our college has grief counseling. I will be going there in the morning. I knoweveryone is trying their best to help me, but I'm just cold. Cold and hurting and it seems to be getting worse. Tonight will be rough again. 

Everyone is sleeping again and I've taken my xanax so I apologize for spelling errors and  whatnot. Just wanted to give some back story. Beyond an abusive family she had, gang raped, losing her son 3 years ago today, losing her mother to suicide 2 years ago today. She was the most compassionate person to me. She had tried this before before we met. We didn't find, never did. Once when I did get upset with her, I caught her heating up a lighter tip and buring.her self eith. I'll finish this in the morminf

It's night time again, this is starting to feel like a journal. I want to thank everyone for their kind words and support, being able to read your encouragements and relatable stories  throughout my day has helped, more than I can express in text. Today has been one fucking hard day to put it lightly. I got some answers to my questions on why what happened did happen and that only raised more questions. I'll give an censored cliff note version to keep from airing her dirty laundry in the public, but I think its important for me to write this down. And I apologize from typing errors too, been doing this on my phone as my computer is still in the apartment. My gf wasn't from here, I never met or talked to any of her family. I didn't even know their names. She told me that there was a really bad childhood for her and that she had lost 2 children  with her husband years back. So I never asked questions, I just listened when she felt like she needed to talk about it. Eventually, she finally told me there was a younger 3rd child that was still alive with the now ex husband. She said they divorced when the children died, on Oct 15. Fast forward a year, her mother took her own life on Oct 15 for the guilt of feeling responsible. That was 2 years ago.we started dating in no November of last year. She started seeing a therapist for the past 3 months this year that was a very nice lady that she trusted. Well then her incident occurs from the guilt and grief, she blamed her self for those deaths which was completely unwarranted. The coroner had no idea of how to get in touch with family, so that's been my goal since then. I got in touch with the ex husband and an old close friend of hers from back then. I wasn't prepared for theinfo they had about her. The reason shed been crying and putting herself through hell, didn't exist. Well her mom was gone but not for what I was told. There was only two sons and they were both alive, she basically drove off one day and never came back. That was a few months before we met. She liveds those lies for the year everyone kew her here. I talked to her therapist and she was just blown away. All we can figure was that she was so much more mentally dustrurbed than any of us had any idea. Therapist figures she was delusional, maybe borderline schizo. There was really nothing we could've done to help her given the info we didn't know, it was like throwing a bucket of water on a house fire. Id here her talking to herself, but now I'm not sure that she wasn't just having conversations with someone she thought that was there. She would tell me about her conversations shed been having with her old friends that she was able to get in touch with, that really haven't heard from her in over a year. It's just so much to process. Shed actually be excited that she got to talk to them. She believed her delusion so strongly, no one had a reason to doubt it. This just makes things clearer and so much more sad.

12/03/2012: I am doing much better everyone. I thank you all for you thoughts and concerns. Life has gotten easier as time is passing on for the most part. The only lingering effects is the last image of her, every time something remind me of her my mind goes straight to that. That happens quite a bit, but hopefully that will pass as the other pain has. To those that have messaged me saying how much this has helped them, it really means a lot to me. I am glad some good could have come from this at least. If anyone needs to talk, please feel free to message me.