I've been waiting to see this certain psychiatrist for months. It's hard to get in to see him, so I've been seeing a counselor as well. This morning was my first appointment with the actual psychiatrist. I've seen a few before, so I knew what to expect: a bunch of questions trying to find the "root" cause of my depression, social anxiety, self harm issues, agoraphobia, panic disorder, etc. 

It started off pretty normal. I was nervous as hell (I don't like speaking to people in person) but the first few minutes were average. Nice to meet you, what brings you here, what can I do to help?

When I stated that I was there to try to overcome my depression/panic/anxiety issues, he was very sarcastic and was frankly being a smartass with his reply: "That's what everyone says to get drugs." What. The. Hell. He laughed after he said it, but it was really offensive in the context.

Next, he asked what I believe caused my anxiety. I started talking about the issues I had when I was younger, talking to people and whatnot, how being around people makes me nervous and panicky and how simple tasks freak me out- he interrupted me *again*, mid-sentence, and said - "Young girls like you (I'm 20) always say that you're anxious and nervous just to get out of doing stuff you don't want to do." *What?*

Next, he asked what caused my depression. I told him, very frankly and fast -since he likes to interrupt- that my parents divorce when I was younger royally fucked me over and just after that, I was raped. 

His response was - "Pretty young girls like you continuously blame other people for your depression. You all like to party, do drugs, get drunk, sleep around, and in the end say you're depressed. Some girls like you need to take a good look in the mirror and realize what the problem is. Maybe if you stopped sleeping around and partying, your life will be easier and this 'depression' (*yes, he really took his fingers making the quote expression*) would go away."

This isn't verbatim, of course, at that point I was mid panic attack - but that is the gist of it. I'm still in total shock. I don't sleep around/party, I barely even walk outside of my house. I didn't even mention it before that, nor did he. It just spat out of his mouth. The second he said that, I walked out. I didn't even stop at the reception desk in the front. I'm at a total loss. 

People who are supposed to help you when you're dealing with mental illnesses such as these should not verbally assault people like he did with me. Maybe he was having a bad day, but that's no excuse. I feel harassed and vulnerable and hopeless - I'm trying so hard not to sink into that goddamn black hole that is depression.


Please, if any of y'all are looking for new doctors/psychiatrists/therapists - do thorough, thorough research on them. Maybe even get in touch with a patient, if you know them, to find out how the doctor really is. I don't want anyone else to go through this. I'm a fucking mess.

***Thank you to everyone for the support. I really, really appreciate it. I will report him.