I know that you can all be so loving and caring. Especially when there is a person truly in need or a fellow is down on their luck. I've seen it happen time and time again, and it is so inspiring.

I'm sorry; I don't have a crazy story or anything like that. The only thing I can say, is that today is my 24th birthday, and it's been a bummer of a day. My fiance of four years and I broke up on New Year's Day, I was let go from my job the day before, and my grandparents that I live with that raised me forgot my birthday. It's just a lot to take in all at once. Yet, I know tomorrow is another day, and I am always so grateful for what life throws at me, because I know there is a valuable lesson that can only be learned from hardship. I'm truly grateful even for today.

But...sincerely, it would be nice to just have a tiny bit of support. An itty bitty glimmer of hope and kindness. That's all I really want for my birthday.

I hope you, whoever you are that's reading this, have a wonderful, lovely life. And appreciate all the good that's in this world. Even when everything shatters, there is beauty in the shards.

Thank you for reading. <3

**Edit:** I wish I could meet each and everyone of you and let you know how deeply you've moved me, and how uplifting and awe-inspiring I've found each response and kindness you've extended to me. I am so touched, and I will never *ever* forget how so many compassionate and loving people like yourselves have affected me. What started out as one of my darkest days...was so abruptly transformed. You have catapulted me into the stars. :) I feel such immense gratitude, joy, and love for each one of you kindhearted souls. Thank you, with everything that I am. To the individuals who gifted me with gold: a most sincere, heartfelt thank you, and a BIG hug for you! I am speechless. I have never been gilded before, and it is so cute and sweet and touching! What amazing people there are in this world! Oh my goodness. Thank you!

And to those that are suffering in any way, whether you shared with me or not, I will be there for you, should you ever need a friend to talk to. And, you must know, dear sweet internet stranger, should you ever be in need of a hug...I'll always be there with open arms! *Hugs!* <3!!