So... I feel... extremely defeated right now. Not in the way you might think. Backstory time.

A while back, I was feeling very, very alone, and I very much lost the will to live, and I was contemplating suicide, as I'm sure many of us here have done. At that point, I met a person online who brought a tiny light into my life. Things were actually going well. He stuck around for a year or so, and during that time, another close friend came into the picture(if either of you is reading this, I want you to know I have no hard feelings), and I just felt like I'm not going downhill for once.

However, all things must come to an end, and so did those friendships. I don't even want to start going into detail about what was whose fault - everyone blamed themselves, and perhaps deep down everyone blamed everyone else as well. We'll never know. The point is, that left me... devastated. If I had a reliable suicide method, I really would have done it that time. I was completely, one hundred percent convinced that this world is bad.

I was screaming inside: "THIS WORLD IS FUCKED! PEOPLE ARE FUCKED! WE'RE ALL FUCKED UP AND SHIT!" 

I lived my life day by day, repeating that to myself, almost religiously - it was the truth, after all! I came so very near to death a couple times... And then, I decided that I would -prove- that nobody cares and everyone is shit. It's the truth, therefore it has to be easy to prove, right? 

I called out for help, here. I knew for a fact that nobody would really help me. I was victorious. And at the apex of my cynical glory... she came along. A stranger, replying in a way that made it clear that she understands what I am going through - but she will turn out to be just another uncaring person, I said to myself. A couple messages later, she offered to stay in contact with me. At that point I was completely sure I was right all along - I was sure that if I did not initiate conversations, she would not do so either. 

I was so. fucking. wrong. And it feels so. fucking. AMAZING.
She asks me how I'm doing out of the blue, she legitimately cares if I'm not doing well, she offers help and solutions, and she feels the pain I go through. Despite my ridiculous defeatist attitude, she has managed to prove my negative assumptions wrong over and over and over and over. She's actually such a great person that even at my most fucked up, I know she cares about me and will be there for me. 

To this person: Thank you so. much. Words can hardly explain how much what you did and are doing means to me. You salvaged me at my absolute worst.

To everyone else reading this: Do not, for a moment, believe that nobody cares. Ever. That is not true. No matter how long you tell yourself that nobody cares, -someone- does. As cliché as this sounds, you may have just not met them yet, but you will. Just hang in there. Help -is- coming. I don't know how far away that help is, what it looks like, who it is - but it is coming.

Stay safe boys and girls

Edit: Oh my gosh these upvotes and replies. My post exploded, whaaaat? Thank you so much everyone!