The last few days i've read some absolutely shocking posts here. The mods do the best they can but honestly, in the same way that I don't call a hotline when i'm at my worst because I don't want to risk a negative personal interaction with someone, coming here of late has been doing the same thing.

It's becoming clear to me that this place is becoming less and less safe to actually share your dark thoughts without fear of judgement. People are turning up of late calling OPs "entitled", saying they should be "happy with what they have" or acting the cause of their depression or worries are not good enough to be posted here. Frankly, this is unacceptable. Yes I report these (see: rule 2a/2b), but it's not enough, reading them has already done the damage. 

Even worse, if the OP tries to defend themselves against these sort of attacks, they're downvoted and insulted. People can't share that they want to feel selfish here, they can't share they're not okay with society, the rest of Reddit and it's political, ethical, etc agendas are seeping in. We're getting people in here that shouldn't be in here. Every time the subreddit is linked we get more and more shitposts and it's hurting me to read them when someone is crying out for help.

And thus it's time for me to go. I can't take this, not right now. I can't watch someone come here frustrated or crying or whatever and get beaten down like this. Maybe you haven't seen it, but I have. I read every post that is here when I am online, and the last few days have been *atrocious*. 

People coming here and giving out their "advice" laced with their own agendas, without reading the sidebar or getting a feel of what this subreddit is about are sickening. This is meant to be a place of support.

Honestly, I fully expect to be shitcanned by the people i'm talking about for this post. The people who shouldn't be on this subreddit. Whatever, i'm not reading it. I'm fucking done here.

My final update about me - i'm pretty much fucking done, i don't think i can last much longer, it's still another 2 weeks until i can see the psychiatrist and every day feels like it's burning at the end of a very short rope.

fine, i'm selfish reddit. you happy? i'm not happy with my appearent first world privilege and that makes me an asshole. i'm not allowed to be depressed because i have it too good, is that it? 

it's okay, i won't have it good for much longer. where i'm going, no one will find me. so be happy, the world will have one less defunct human that can't act like the robot you want us to be.

this is my last post, for the good of you, i hope you find peace. i know i will.