(Originally posted in /r/nosleep, someone suggested I post it here)

I am a pretender.

There are a lot of us.

We go about our day the same way that you do. We go to work, school, the store, etc. We wave and smile at our neighbors, we water our plants, walk our dogs. But there is something different about us. It’s very delicate; it’s elusive and hard to put your finger on.
 
It’s a monster.

Pretenders blend into society seamlessly. Parents don’t know, friends don't know, lovers don’t know. I didn't even know what I was. Not until college. 

In college I realized that I wasn’t normal. Other students would go out on the weekends and get drunk but I preferred to stay in, alone, and watch Netflix. Even so, I still managed to make a few good friends. I found out later that they were also pretenders; no wonder we were drawn to each other.

Pretenders are hiding something deep inside them. There is a darkness that radiates. These people try hard to hide it, but there is no mistaking the dark mind of a pretender. 

When I realized that I had this darkness, I knew I had to do something about it. I went to a doctor, a therapist, a psychiatrist, but the darkness fought back. I would escape it, if only for a day, and then it would drag me back in.
 
I’m not really sure what this monster wants, it doesn’t appear to gain anything from the situation. It just isolates its victim and slowly kills it.  Like a parasite, it slowly leaches out life. 

It took me four years to kill my monster. First, I figured out what I was. After that, the long battle between me and my darkness began. Doctors gave me medication; I met with a therapist once a week. The darkness slowly faded away until eventually it was no longer in control. Occasionally it will try to take over again, but I know how to defeat it now.

I'm writing this as a warning. This monster can be killed, but first you have to find it.

Ask yourself, how many pretenders do you know? How many of my friends and family are being slowly killed?

Find them, and please, help them. The longer you wait, the stronger the darkness gets.