I was reading through that guy's thread about how stuff doesn't just get better, and a lot of the comments were along the lines of "30 years? Damn you're tough"

I don't need to get into the details of my emotions, grievances or ailments, you guys have already been around the block as well. And we all have to face this horrifying bullshit 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. I've been depressed for years, been through psychotic depression for months, cutting, drinking, the whole nine yards. Md now It's as if I'm numb to it. My emotions aren't fragile, because they're all shattered and fucked up as is. Not confused, or scared, it just is. 

You people are the only ones who understand the pain. How much mental strength and ability it takes to keep yourself alive. It's a fight with death every day. And if I ever tell anyone, sure, they can understand my pain, to an extent. But they don't know the strength of my mind either. Kinda like war, you don't understand it until you've been there. 

I remember my friend and I had a bad shrooms trip (separate occasions, however). He was on a lighter dose, but ended up having deep thoughts that equated to our good ole friend depression. That lasted all of fifteen minutes, and he told me it was the saddest, scariest, worst state of mind he had ever been in. From what he described to me, that was just my daily life. On a separate occasion I had a bad trip as well, my friend said that it was possibly the worst he'd ever seen anyone. After I came down and was all together again, all I could think was "Bad trip? That's some pussy shit." My four hours of anxiety and confusion, all while naked and crying on the bathroom floor, was like just reliving a normal night during my psychosis stage. 

It's almost as if I've already had so many horrifying, painful, and terrifying thoughts and emotions that random bullshit just doesn't even phase me anymore. Sadness. It's just a part of my life. I've had to tell a friend before "If I haven't offed myself yet, this [insert bad emotions attack] shit ain't gonna kill me."

So to all those out there still kickin', everyone who's been dealing with this shit for years, and for everyone who can see through the wishful thinking of "it gets better!"- Y'all some tough motherfuckers. The power to drag ourselves through life, devoid of hope, purpose, joy or reason- is highly underrated.