I'm a college sophomore and I had to go to campus for academic advisement today. I take all online classes because I have severe depression, GAD, social anxiety, and agoraphobia with panic disorder. I've completely psyched myself out for the past few weeks, worrying about this appointment. 

I *hate* being on campus. There was no way to get out of the appointment (it's required at my university to see an adviser before you can register for classes for the next semester). I had emailed the adviser back and forth over the past week, trying to see if I could just have a phone appointment instead of physically going to campus. I even told the woman that last semester I had a major panic attack in my car before even having the appointment, which made me late, which made everything worse. 

Usually these appointments end with me being very blunt, stating what classes I want to take, he/she either approving or giving me alternatives, and he/she hating me for my bluntness for wanting to *leave*. My adviser for this semester told me that I physically had to come to campus, that there was no way out of it. I've been a mess all morning, trying to motivate myself, trying to get past the fact that this woman was a royal bitch, that the appointment would go horribly wrong, that I would have a major panic attack in front of loads of college students and that I would die. From the anxiety and depression, of course.

After spending 20 minutes walking around campus trying to FIND the advisers office, I was even more of a mess. Borderline hyperventilating, everyone was looking at me weird, I felt completely alone and discouraged about everything. I finally found the office and discovered that it was under construction (there was some kind of leak). Just my luck, right? 

I met the adviser and she apologized for the inconvenience and took me *outside*. We sat on one of the benches on campus. I couldn't even look at her. I was thinking to myself "this bitch wouldn't even let me have a phone appointment. I just want this to be OVER." 

She asked me how I was while I just stared at the pretty trees, trying to not have a panic attack. There were people milling about, but nobody seemed to be paying attention except for her. I told her I was fine, and that I needed to hurry and leave because I had errands to run (it was a lie and she knew it).

I gave her my paper with the classes I wanted to take and she read through them. I felt like my heart was about to explode. I was snapping the hairband on my wrist, trying to distract myself from being in my worst nightmare. Nobody understands how much campus' and other places like that freak me out. I started hyperventilating again, just thinking about all the scenarios of what could happen, what could go wrong. 

The adviser kept looking at me and asking if I was okay. She didn't sit close to me, which made me feel better. She asked me how long I had been feeling like this, and I told her I have had depression/social anxiety/agoraphobia pretty much all of my life, and it's gotten worse over the past few years. She then asked me if I have been getting help, and I told her that I tried the could therapist/counselling thing and that it just didn't work out for me. She was *genuinely* curious about me, worried about me, and that *completely surprised me.*

Nobody has ever asked me so many questions about my mental illnesses. She didn't push or pry, she didn't tell me "oh you'll get over it"; "you're too young to be feeling this way" (I'm nearly 21). She just sat there with me and tried to make *me* comfortable. No other adviser has done that for me. 

At one point, maybe 15 minutes in, she asked me about my major, why I was taking online classes. I told her that I just couldn't handle being in class. I can't focus, and it makes me anxious. She *understood*. She gave me loads of advice about online classes, and about my major. She then started giving me advice about counselling, about how it's free at my college (which I didn't know) and how the counselor was extremely nice, and how most of the students that one counselor was seeing, positively loved her. She gave lots of details about one particular student, just about how he has social anxiety and how his major was tough and how he was feeling stressed out about his family. She told me about how a few weeks after she sent that student to see the counselor, he came back by her office. Out of nowhere. Told her thank you for sending him to see the counselor. She said that she had never been so touched by a student before. Said that she couldn't give me the student's name because that's completely against the rules, but she said that was why she took this job. To advise students, to help them, to try to let them succeed, to try to help them overcome their challenges.

Then she said something along the lines of "April, if you want, I can walk over to the counseling building with you. I'll introduce you to the counselor, and if you want me to, I can stay with you." She then gave me her personal cell number and told me that if I ever needed help, if I wanted to get lunch sometime, or even if I wanted her to just walk with me over to the counselor's office, she would help.

I was, and still am, in shock. I've always thought that if someone, a stranger really, told me that I NEEDED to be in counseling, I would get mad. But, I didn't get mad. I felt *relief* for the first time in a long, long time. Someone took just a few minutes out of their day to *help me*. All she had to do was approve my classes and let me leave campus as an anxiety-filled depressed piece of shit. But she sat with me, outside on that bench while I blankly stared at the pretty trees, and offered to help me.

I'm in awe, and I'll be forever grateful to her.