Heres some background...

I hate the feeling of greasy hair and everything else that comes with not showering for weeks on end.  I know rationally speaking nothing bad will happen if I shower.  I know there is no logical reason for me to not shower everyday.  But for some reason I hate it.  I simply dread it.  My 'reasoning' is that it is too much work, unnecessary, irritating and just plain stupid.


My psychologist told me once that it was fine if I did absolutely nothing all day, the only thing she asked me to do was brush my teeth and shower.  (She may have also said to walk for a few minutes outside and put on clean clothes but I decided to block that out.)


And I didn't get it until this week.  I just... I feel good.  It felt so good.  To wake up with clean hair, to not lift my arms and smell a stench from my pits.  In those few moments I loved it.

But of course now it is the second week and I still hate the idea of showering.  I'm annoyed at myself.  
Why can't I understand that it is a GOOD THING and why can't I make myself do it without all this inner struggle?
I hope this feeling of dread ends soon because I don't want to go back to showering once a week or once a month or even once every few months.  I don't want to spiral downward again, so soon after doing something positive.

Anyway, I thought maybe my little accomplishment might hit a note with even one of you.  If you'd like to talk about it more or talk about your problem with showering specifically I'll try as best as I can.
And I hope you wish me well with keeping up this habit.  I'm really going to try.


**EDIT:
Wow. I'm overwhelmed by the responses.  I'm so... happy (yes, happy!) that this really hit home with a lot of people.  That alone is huge.  When I'm in one of my lows, I know even reading and/or acknowledging stuff like this feels like bullshit.  
So if you showered because of this, GO YOU!  If you thought about showering because of this, GO YOU!  If you reflected on yourself in anyway, GO YOU! If you read this while on the toilet pooping, GO YOU!  All of you rock.  I mean it.  Keep chugging (like a train not a frat boy, hopefully) and take good care of yourselves.**