Hi, r/depression. Throwaway account and first time posting, but I follow and comment fairly often on this board, and have seen a really helpful, supportive community, so I just want to know if anyone else can relate to this feeling. 

A little bit of background on me: 24/f, diagnosed with MDD for the first time at 14 and have (apparently) struggled with GAD and depression on and off since then. At 21, I developed an eating disorder that ultimately led to me being partially hospitalized for a few months at an eating disorder treatment center. Since then, I've been on every medication under the sun and in frequent individual therapy with a counselor that I have grown to trust. Despite all of this, I have at least convinced myself that I have felt no relief from the depression symptoms and I'm starting electroconvulsive therapy on Wednesday.

Starting the ECT has given me crippling anxiety, and I'm struggling with a lot of self-doubt about my symptoms. I have always had a quiet voice in my head that's told me I'm not actually depressed, just lazy and selfish and manipulative. With this treatment looming, I'm terrified that if it doesn't work, it will confirm these fears and I'll have to face the fact that I'm not ill, just a bad person. 

I feel like I faked my eating disorder and could have eaten if I wanted to. Having an eating disorder and being sent to treatment got me medical leave from law school, and at the time I felt like my life was so out of control that I just needed a break. My eating disorder did that for me. I'm in school again now, and I often find that I feel lazy and unmotivated. I feel selfish and self-absorbed. I don't do things for other people. I think I manipulate others and not even my own family really likes the person I am. I've been having frequent panic attacks about these realizations over the past few days, because I feel like if the ECT doesn't work, then this is just the person I am, and I know I don't want to live my life as this person. I want to change, but I just feel so exhausted and hopeless and don't know where to start. 

Sorry if that seems jumbled. I'm having a hard time concentrating and keeping my emotions under control. 

Thank you so much in advance to anyone who reads this and responds.