My son is 23 years old. He married his high-school sweetheart in 2010. She was a law school student and he worked from home to help support them. On Nov. 8th of this year, she was messing around with a gun (a revolver), took out all the bullets but one. She was just trying to get a reaction from my son and instead, she put the gun to her head not knowing the location of the bullet and pulled the trigger. My son watched the entire thing.
 We had to move him out of that house and in with us. Come to find out, about a year and a half ago, my son and his wife started drinking heavily. My son is now an alcoholic. He was arrested a couple of days ago for DUI but doesn't admit he's an actual alcoholic...but he says "I might have a drinking problem". 
When he was 16 years old, I let him move in with his Girlfriend (who later became his wife). She was going to college already while he was just a Jr. in high school. She was a very controlling person. She didn't mean to be. I loved her very, very much and respected her but she used to force my son to drink with her. She actually asked me one holiday before they even got married to please talk to my son and make him have a few drinks so he can relax. At the wedding, her stepfather was forcing her to drink. I felt very uneasy about the whole thing. 
My husband helped me and my son clean the accident scene. I know there are people for that but we didn't have time to wait. We had to get back to work and pack up the house in 2 days. I have visions of all the blood on the walls, the ceiling, the floors. We had to dispose of things that were saturated in blood. Bags and bags of clothes, sheets, electronics, dishes (they were messy people) were bagged up and taken to the dump.  And what bothered me even more was that they kept all the Vodka bottles that they had ever drank. There were over 50 in a year and a half. These were the larger bottles…not the 750ml. I started doing the math and it scared the hell out of me. 
So...i'm dealing with a lot. The first 2 weeks after the accident I cried non-stop. I was afraid they would blame my son. It's still possible that he will get blamed for this. Since they were heavy drinkers...there were quite a few screaming matches between the two. She would always be the one to call me, her friends, her family, when they were arguing and say things that she would later regret. She stopped calling about 2 months before.  
 The last time I saw her was about 2 weeks before her death and I was disgusted with her. She was spiraling downward fast. She got so drunk that she made a complete fool of herself in front of my son's high school friends. I felt sorry for her. I am trying to understand all of this. 
Right before the death, I lost my income. My husband is the only one making money and it’s not enough. I was self employed and had several people working for me but I lost a huge contract and had to let everyone go. So, in other words, I can’t afford a therapist until I gain another contract.
My son, however, is seeing a therapist only once a week. In January, his new insurance will kick in and he will be able to go 2 x’s a week. My problem right now is I have all these visions in my head of my beautiful daughter in law. She actually lived for 2 days after the shooting until we unplugged her. Her head was swollen and bruised. She was brain dead the moment the gun entered her skull. I had to go to the emergency room because every time I cried, I would get violently ill and a splitting headache from a rise in blood pressure.
Today, I view death differently. I don’t believe in God. I used to…or should I say that I was one of the billions of people that got sucked into believing in him. What I do believe is when we die, our life ends. No memory. No meetings at the pearly gates. No facing our maker. If God really created us, then he would be a magician. I think we are just these molecular machines that have miraculously evolved through trial and error. I’m sure many will disagree but I finally have a clear vision of death. But, I still worry.
Every morning, I wake up on the negative end. I am a worrier; always have been. I try not to be and overall I am actually a happy person but I can’t help but worry.
My son stays out all night. He made a promise to me that he will be home Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesday nights. He works with my husband so I get to see him all day M-F. One of his good friends texts me quite often and tells me that he’s worried about his drinking. He has tried to speak to my son about it but I think my son is still in denial. I actually think that he is seeing someone. His wife has been dead for 1 month. I can’t stop worrying.
I have so many other things that I worry about. My father who used to be homeless is living with us now that shits and pisses on himself and doesn’t bathe for 2-3 weeks at a time until he is forced. My mother who lives in our guesthouse is extremely judgmental and thinks that if others don’t do it her way, it’s the wrong way and certainly doesn’t resist in telling EVERYONE ABOUT IT. My daughter who is 20 and has given me the most sweetest grandbaby in the world but has ADHD and is crazily unorganized and also is with a complete thug of a guy who verbally abuses her. Oh…and I went from having 3 dogs to having 5 dogs, 4 cats, and a hedgehog. So, my mother helps clean the house in exchange for rent and I will never hear the end of the continuous amount of pet fur that has to be removed from the carpets.  And, as I mentioned earlier, I lost a HUGE contract so our income was cut 65%. 

I try to see the positive in things. I have a nice house, my car will be paid off in June, my son is in therapy and is forced to be in AA because of the DUI, and I have this absolutely perfect grandchild but I can’t get these thoughts out of my head.
I need help.