I've been trying to capitalise on this 'Ive given up' feeling recently,  try make it work in my favour I guess.

I got my haircut very short as it was very long. I then sat in a burger joint and ate on my own. I had a few panicky moments before I went in, but once I just did it, it was ok. I got a few looks from the staff. Im not sure if they were laughing at me, or if they were just being nice. It was probably a bit of both.

I went to the gym tonight too. Trying to feel better about myself really. I enjoyed it.

I still miss my friends greatly, I wish they were around to have come to the burger place today.  I can't wait until they come back from Uni.

I've not moved forward. I still miss my friends,  I still worry over past decisions, I can't sleep at night and my relations with women remain a big fat 0.

But even if I'm not swimming to the shore,  at least I'm treading water. Seeing a band who I absolutely adore and have got me through some rough times (The Wonder Years) in November. Excited for that.

Just an update I guess. Thanks for reading if you did.

EDIT: Holy shit. Ok so I hate this whole 'omg front page' shit on Reddit but I feel like I should say something.

I wrote this in 10 minutes before I waited for my Ps3 to load to play some Fifa last night. I had no idea it would become as popular this has but i'm glad people are finding comfort in it. I think writing about your day/week can be very therapeutic, and i'm happy to see people posting in this thread about their day. How about we have a "What did you do this week?" weekly thread or something on this sub? Might be worth something. 

Secondly, I want to give a big shout out to /u/mobiuschick. When I posted on this sub a long long time ago, she helped me even when my post fell to the second page with no comments. I thank her for that greatly, (I actually can't find the post, maybe i deleted it or it's on another throw away I can't remember.) Also, she posts on this sub DAILY helping people out. It's pretty amazing and she deserves to be recognized for it.

Lastly, if you want to read more about my situation then you can check my post history on this account, but i advise you don't. I've come to realise I don't really enjoy talking about every little detail and that i'd rather just get on with life and try and improve myself.

Thanks for all the comments, i've not been too down recently too be honest, and this thread just made things even better. I feel like I want to be remembered for MORE than what I am really. I want to be the guy who beat depression AND THEN did something. I'm still working on the first part right now.