We have been together for 4 years, married for one, and we have a beautiful baby girl. I loved him with my whole heart, and I know he loved us both so much. It might be hard to think that's true after my story, but he was so proud of us both and he was so happy the day we got married. He was always so sure about us.

He is ex-military and struggled with depression and suicide before I met him.

Last year in March I discovered that he had been carrying on an affair with my sister almost from the time we started dating. My sister is very young, 19, at the time. He was 30. They didn't have sex, but making out and petting seemed to be happening. It was so disgusting, I didn't know what to think. Apparently my sister initiated it at first, and he kept at it too. 

I loved him so, and he was in so much pain about what he had done, that we patched things up. Unfortunately, we ended up living at my parents house where my sister lives too for about 8 months waiting for our new house to be fixed. He also had some of the same classes with her. I know this sounds so inappropriate, but I just so desperately wanted to fix the situation, have them transform their relationship into the brother and sister they should have been, and save my beloved little family.

My husband's sister, who originally revealed all these details to me, was angry and shocked at her brother, but she also assigns a lot of blame to my sister who she says didn't understand how delicate her brother is and that my sister played "head games" with him, leading him on at first, and then, after it all came out, my sister blamed him largely for what had happened and joined me in "punishing" my husband.

He couldn't move on from her. He kept trying to text her (mostly chit chat, but just a lot) and hang out with her, and she treated him at arms length, not responding to many of his texts. Truth be told she treated him rather chillily, and said she was trying to do the right thing by shutting him down. He asked her to come talk to him about things once somewhere, and when she arrived, she says that he tried to kiss her, and so she left, just driving off.

He confided in me sometimes. He would say how confused he was about her. Sometimes he seemed to be moving on and could see she was just young and starving for attention, so she tried to get it from every guy she could. He was still so jealous about her hanging out with other guys. Sometimes he would say that he felt crazy and that he felt like it had all been so meaningless because she denied having ever had real feelings for him--like he would have felt better if they had truly had something together that just didn't work out or something.

I had a really hard time with all this. I sometimes tried to listen and told him sometimes that it probably would hurt me, but that I would rather hear it and give him someone who would listen to him. He wanted someone to talk to and didn't feel like he could talk to anyone. I tried to build him up most of the time and be as understanding as I could. I tried to give him advice and talk him through it. I always hated to see him in pain so much.

But I also dumped my feelings on to him quite a lot too. Just spewing out my hurt and low self esteem and how I felt like our relationship had been a lie. I often doubted that he loved me if he had done such a thing. I did that often. I was going through so much, and I leaned on him heavily. I would cry sometimes at night in bed together and would talk for hours and text him about how I felt.

Meanwhile, he was working very hard on our new house and doing very well in school. He worked so hard!

The last week he was alive, I felt neglected. He seemed to be uninterested in hanging out with me in my opinion. I told him how I felt, but it didn't seem to change. He said that he was working on the house so we could be together all the time, but I just was hurt when he'd come home and hop on the computer or want to go hang out with the rest of my family instead. I knew he was down, but we've been through some tough times before.

The day he died, we had a big fight over text. I told him I was not doing well and launched into a whole explanation about how he should pull his head out of this fantasy he had, and that my sister was immature and had her own problems and that he had a woman for a wife who shared his hopes and dreams. I started the conversation well, even suggesting a counselor for him maybe, or something like that. But then I made the terrible mistake of asking him if he would leave me for her if she returned his feelings. His response was "probably, and I don't know how to deal with that." I just lost it. I told him I wanted to split up, sell our house, that I didn't want anything to do with him, and how could he say that to me. He said "I don't know. I love you so ****ing much." I cursed him and cursed him. And then he went silent. He posted a goodbye line on FB and I had an instant fear. I rushed over to where he was in my dad's car, but it was too late. He had shot himself in our car. I held his unconscious but still breathing body until the paramedics came.

I know he did me so many wrongs, but he was also this awesome, high functioning person who so many looked up to. He was the kind of person who would go out of his way to help people. He was talented, smart, funny, handsome, and I doted on him. He loved his baby girl so very much. But, he had this deep inner feeling of failure and was so resigned to being a piece of **** in his own mind it seemed like.

I feel horrendous. I feel like I killed him at the end, after so many years of showering him with love. It's so unfair that our story ended this way. I spent so much time building him up and helping him get back in school. He was a wonderful father. I wish more than anything I had waited to say the things I did to his face, and that he had come home that night like normal. He was so confused and stubborn, and maybe he would have never changed, but…still. I loved him with my whole heart and I loved to be with him. I feel horrible that I moved us to this area where he was so bored and hated the terrain and maybe that made him fixate on my sister more than ever. He just seemed to be doing so well, and we were almost in our house, that we had worked so hard for.

I miss him. Both my sister and I are just devastated. We miss his silly jokes and funny laugh and ineptness. He isn't here anymore. He was a pain in the *** and we got frustrated with his inappropriate actions, but we both cared about him. It's so painful not having him around anymore.

I feel like I should have seen this coming because he would talk about being suicidal before (and I would hug him and say oh no, please never do that) and I knew he was depressed that week. I kick myself so hard for texting instead of waiting to speak face to face. I should have known better--that wasn't right!!

I know it's so typical, but I feel like there is no joy left in life. I can't even look at my daughter without being sad. She has no Daddy and she looks just like him. He was in so much pain and I let him down--I always wanted to be there for him and I wasn't that day. I feel like 4 years of love and support were just down the drain in one instant and I broke his heart. I just want him back so bad.