Thanks for the comments and messages on the previous post. I really appreciate you all and wish I had found /r/depression a very long time ago.

When the Holiday season comes, I used to get overly excited about it. That's dwindled down tremendously these last few years. Normally, I call, text, hit people up on social media, try to arrange get togethers, try to get people together and OVERLY make sure people know I love them and want to see them, and be involved with them. This has led to me arranging flights cross country to see folks, take 16/17 hr road trips to see them and spend enormous amounts of money on gifts so they know I care. 

While in this current depressive state which I've been in the last few months, I decided to operate differently this year. I chose not to initiate to see what would happen. Who would look ME up? Who would send a gift? Who would call? Who would want to fly to see me or who was willing to drive a days trip to spend the holiday.

Currently in my dark apt, with the Christmas lights on. The answer is no one. 

I didn't initiate so no text messages of "Merry Christmas". 
I didn't initiate so no gifts this year under my tree.
I didn't initiate and no one is flying to see me this year. 
I didn't initiate and no one is driving to see me. 
No instant messages. No calls. No cards received in the mail. 

I didn't make the first move this year in my little experiment. Nobody initiated anything. Facebook, which I tend to stay off these days due to how it makes me feel--- FB is lined up with people posting photo albums. The same individuals I've ran off to see for years this Christmas had a perfectly fine holiday without me, and didn't check in or remember me. 

I've been careful not to post anything on FB. Or like anything, or comment on anything. And literally, I no longer exist to anyone.

Relationships are about the quality of the people you're with.  I've learned I invest way too much in people who clearly wouldn't invest back in me. I've cared way too much for others who don't feel the same. I've tried so hard to make connections... and clearly I am the only one trying to maintain those connections. 

I think maybe that was part of the reason as well I posted the other day that I couldn't go see my family. Maybe in hindsight, I wanted someone to come see me. 

Have a great Christmas everyone. I'm playing on Reddit and thinking about life.