So I guess I view depression differently than it is defined and explained in textbook and definitions. I feel that I am depressed because I see the world for how it really is. I have no motivation to do anything and that is because I don't agree with how things in this society are done. I get up every day to go to a job that I don't like, to make money to pay for things that I wish I didn't need, and to have materialistic things that I really don't care for.

I do what society tells me I'm supposed to do. For the longest time I've been just 'going with the flow' because when I looked around I saw that's what everyone else was doing. I'm supposed to go to school, whether I like it or not, so that I can 'make a great life for myself'. My dad always said that after I work hard to get a job that will give me a comfortable life, I can just live for my weekends like he does. Well, I don't want to just live for my weekends like he does. I don't want this life that I am supposed to live and supposed to be grateful for. 

Don't get me wrong, I am grateful for a lot of my life. I have had the privilege of living a pretty comfortable life compared to a lot of people on this planet. I have a roof over my head, food in the fridge, electricity, heat, running water, the privilege to get a car when I got my drivers license, the privilege to work, Santa was always generous to me, and I have always had clothes on my back. I know that there are people on this planet that would kill for this life, and I am grateful that I have it. Then again, very saddened that I feel the way I do and saddened that other people don't have as much as I do. 

I'm just not happy. Grateful, but not happy. I'm not happy living by the rules and regulations that fuck knows who has set for me. I'm not happy that I don't get to admit to not being happy because other people have less. I'm not happy that other people have less. 

I'm recovering from opiate addiction. I feel that I turned to opiates because I wasn't getting enough out of this life, I guess it was an escape for me. Now that I am not high anymore, I don't want to be here anymore. If I can't find a way to escape or a different way to live, I don't want to be here. When I found an escape, it hurt other people. I don't want to hurt anyone, so I stopped. Now I'm the one being hurt. Why does someone always have to hurt? If it's not one person, it's the next. 

Now, when I look at people, I feel bad. I feel bad for my Dad who 'lives for his weekends'. What a sad life. He doesn't like his job, but he does it because it's what is expected of him. He works a lot, then he comes home, watches TV and goes to bed and then repeat. What kind of life is that? I don't understand why there are only certain people that are depressed. I don't understand how the entire world isn't depressed. I don't understand how people can be happy living life like this. I wish I could just be numb to it like my Dad seems to be. I just can't accept this. I don't want to live that life. I don't want to live this life. I don't know where to go from here.

I'm sorry if this is a jumbled mess. I'm at work, so I had to stop and start and stop and start. I wish I wasn't at work though. I just wish I was in my bed, which isn't even comfy to me anymore.

Edit: Wow! You are all so kind and amazingly understanding. There are a lot more people who think like me and as comforting that is, I'm sorry that some of you are going through what you're going through. I'm trying to reply to everyone, but I am working so it is taking me a while. The articles and links that some people have provided are actually more than helpful to me. I really haven't searched up much on me feeling like this so it is really eye opening to read everyones similar views and wise words.

Thank you all so much and I am going to continue reading all your posts. What would normally feel like a long, exhausting work day is actually turning into a not so long exhausting work day. It's actually going by pretty fast.

Edit #2: Words truly cannot describe how comforting this all is. I'm just getting back on here now. I live in Canada and it is the craziest snow storm outside right now so I just spent about 5 hours in traffic (normally a 30 minute drive). I'm going to continue reading everything now. Again, thank you all so much for your input. You have all really made my day! I love you all and if I could give you all hugs and high fives I would.