I had a rather shitty homelife growing up..an abusive, bitter adult doesn't just affect the childs life for that moment in time, it affects them forever. After 4 years of councilling I'm only just beginning to realise how this has altered my life..The way I dealt with abuse growing up was to separate it from myself completely..it wasnt me, i didnt want him to become part of my personality, I didnt want him to have anything to do with me. "Me" at home was not "me" at school. At school I was normal at home I was 'thick'..I was 'stupid'..I was 'ugly' and I was beaten..but at school I was fearless, I was completely unbothered by name calling, cause of my homelife I could take anything, any heckle. I gave myself this mindset, I could deal with anything. But now when I look back, I can see, I was a ten year old that was blank..I wasnt normal...I remember the teacher asking us to say one good thing about ourselves that we liked, and I had nothing, I couldnt do it. When I looked in the mirror I saw nothing.




I'm 27 this year, and I unwillingly left home when I was 17  in a 'Its me or her situation' proposed by my step father. My mother chose him- which I do understand, she had two other kids with the man and she didn't want to be alone. I'm nearly 27 and I've never felt like a full proper person..I dont know if this is a normal way to feel? 




When I lived at home, I'd only draw..I was the most productive kid, I was obsessed. I managed to get into a great art college, but unfortunatly was kicked out of home just as I was about to start, I didnt go in as much,  as the police and my our next door neighbour were trying to get me to press charges or similar against my step father. I wouldnt as my mother said she wouldnt speak to me ever again..I managed to get into university somehow and studied illustration. I felt like I was falling apart though, but managed to get through. I now live in London, trying to build a career.





On the outside people think, she's doing well. But on the inside, I'm in debt because of domino affect of money problems from when I was 17 and kicked out..I am a nervous wreck..I am bitter like he is because I didn't turn out like I wanted to. I didn't want to be a product of his abuse, and now I'm just coming to terms with the fact I largely am. 




But what I did do recently, which shocked me was paint a portrait, my first portrait in years. It's Thom Yorke from Radiohead ha! It's done digitally. Painting it healed me a little bit-that might be corny. It soothed me a bit maybe...I haven't felt like that in a long time..



Anyway, here you go guys:



http://imgur.com/cXCt5aE

Edit: wow, Thankyou so much guys...what a lovely response. :) ...... Awwww