Most of these distractions have consisted of career ambitions, most of which were entirely unrealistic. In my mid 20s I had lofty career goals not unlike any other self absorbed millennial, and I thought college and internships had me well on my way. Six years later and the sobering reality increasingly hits home: I was wholly naive about my prospects of attaining much of my career goals, and I did little to improve myself personally or professionally, as I always thought the next flavor of the month "opportunity" would work out. I lived at home until I was 26, and I seemed to always think every next week, month or year would bring about some kind of change or progress, thus living in some sort of vague limbo as opposed to "building" anything. Other times, these distractions would manifest in the form of a hobby or sport that I would suddenly become immersed in. At other times, it might be a relationship or just a summer with friends and not thinking about the future. Recently, I even moved to an entirely new city and lifestyle with the hopes of finding some sort of meaning to my life and escaping the distractions I had back home. It always seems to end up the same: the exciting new job or internship never pans out; the thrill of the new hobby/sport fades; the relationship fails; friends move on or up in life; the distraction is gone and I'm left wondering, "what I am doing and why am I so sad inside?" It seems soon enough I find a new career ambition, hobby, or social situation to distract me and the cycle continues. The difference is now I am cognizant of the pattern. I've thought about going back to school and such but I can't help but wonder if that is just another, "kick the can down the road" tactic, and I now realize that my unhappiness is a lot deeper than just petty career goals. I find myself increasingly resentful and frustrated with the world. I've become less social and less adept at even faking it. On one hand I am glad that I at least am at least more aware than ever of my depression, but the scary part is I really have no idea how to make myself happy beyond short term distractions that never yield long term change.