You hate yourself. You hate yourself so much you don't even care that you hate yourself. The fact that you're always thinking about your own death doesn't worry you, because in your eyes you're such a piece of garbage it doesn't matter. You hate yourself so much it's not even a feeling, it just is a fact of life. It's like when you spill fruit punch on the carpet, and it just becomes a part of the scenery, so that three years later when someone comes over (why anyone would want to, who fucking knows) and points it out, you're surprised. That stain of self loathing, of always wanting to die but not being able to find the motivation to actually do anything about it so you just eat chips, has just become so common to you that you forget that most people don't have half a gallon of dried Kool Aid on the living room floor, that people can actually taste food and get out of bed and that they don't cry because they simply exist.

You always wonder why bad guys in movies want so desperately to stay alive, especially when their plans fail and all is lost, because why does it even matter at that point? Why do they care if they die? And you WOULD be moved by the irony that the villains in movies place more value on life than you do on your own, but the thought is quickly replaced by the swell idea of just kind of disappearing forever, so you don't have to deal with all the mess of living or dying. In the back of your mind you wish you could stop drowning in literally any responsibility you have, but after swimming upstream so long to just put on pants and get out the door late, if even at all, all you can really do is just light the third cigarette in a row. Sometimes you feel stimulation, whenever your unfortunate survival instincts kick in and you have to drag your sad ass to the bathroom or to get any sort of liquid because your throat is so dry. When did you get so thirsty? You've gained 40 pounds you worked so hard to lose, but you're probably going to ruin your life in the next few days somehow anyways, because you always find something good to ruin, and chex mix is in arm's length so you just eat a few until you realize the whole bag is gone. You start to feel guilty, but then you remember you hated yourself just as much 4 pants sizes ago. 

But the worst part is that you're trying. You're trying SO HARD. I must just be lazy, right? Surely everyone else feels like this too, right? Being terrified of everything to the point where running into people you know makes you physically unable to breathe is normal, right? Isn't everyone else's stomach in so many knots from the stress of self-loathing that you could turn it in for a merit badge? But then doesn't that just make you an apathetic failure? Shit, it's 7:30? You were supposed to call your therapist to make an appointment. Your psychologist who won't refill your useless antidepressants won't call you back. All the offices are closed now, so you are going to have to call back tomorrow. 

So you crawl into bed. You know you're going to sleep through your classes but you turn your alarms on anyway, just to wake up 12 hours later to turn them off after 2 hours of screeching at you, and the first thing that you think when you open your eyes is how much you hate yourself.