It's so weird. I remember I always grew up very happy, I know, and remember very well, that if I was to rate my overall hapiness, I would always rate 10/10. 

But then I got depressed. And I couldn't remember what it was even like. I couldn't recall that anything but depression had ever been true. I couldn't even imagine that other people could be not on the verge of total breakdown, as I was - I just thought they were stronger, being able to be out in the world without crumbeling to pieces and hiding away crying their eyes raw ever 30 minuts. Because I saw how 'strong' other people was, to keep on living, even thriving, despite (I erronuisly thought) enduring the same pain as me, I also forced myself to keep going, even though I went through my day like a zombie, until I could excuse myself, and collapse on a restroom floor, screaming and crying.

An acquaintance killed himself in a down (bi-polar), and I saw this as confirmation that we all are on the verge of killing ourselves.

Then, as I wasn't even able to speak during my latest session with my psychologist due to hystric crying, I got medicine, and a referal to be hospitalized to keep me alive. I gave up the lease on my apartment, as I never thought I would be able to come back - "recovering" was a foreign word to me.

But then, something magical happened. Birds were singing. I woke with a smile on my face. I looked forward to breakfast. I was genuinely pleased to see my neighbor.

I. Was. Happy. Happy? Happy! I just couldn't believe it! Happy, me! At first I didn't even recognize the emoition, but then I welcomed it as an old friend. The contrast was so stark, I could really *feel* how distant happiness had been. I imagine this is what it's like for a blind person to see again. How can you explain the sunset, or the reflections of the ocean to someone who has no concept of it?

So, no hospitalization for me. Stayed with my parents until I was able to get a new lease. Everything is so crazy - I *want* to eat now, I *want* to get up in the morning, I *want* to meet people! Before, *everything* were cruel, heavy duties tearing me down.

The only thing that nags in the back of my head, is if I have a relapse. Now that I can see just how unhappy I was, I don't think I would survive a relapse, even just going halfway as low. I would never wish that on anyone, so if I had to endure it one more time, just one more day, I'd rather die.