I suppose I've been depressed since I was really young- even as young as 1st grade I would write stories in class about how nothing in life made me happy and got in trouble for saying (what I thought were casual) remarks like "I wouldn't mind dying." I've kept these thoughts close to me as I grew older, because we're taught that these thoughts aren't good for us. When I started college 3 years ago, I had no ambition for life and I made the mistake of getting into a breakdown/rant on the phone with my parents one day. They immediately sent me to therapy and a psychiatrist. I was started on Lexapro for depression/anxiety, then also Vyvanse for ADHD. After over a year, I felt no different, and my psychiatrist refused to consider a new med/new dosage, so I switched to a new psychiatrist, who only added Wellbutrin to my current meds. 

Last week, I spent the weekend in my room, didn't get any work done, and didn't even procrastinate by watching Netflix or something. I just sat staring at the wall, and I decided to go off my meds. Now I feel some weird clarity, and I got enraged while meeting with my therapist and telling her I'm off the meds. I'm not a smart person, maybe slightly above average, and I'm not claiming to be some fucking brilliant philosopher or anything, but it just makes me so angry whenever these therapists and people around you say that the thoughts about the purpose of life, or how trying to be happy is useless etc...they say that these thoughts are some illness, that it's wrong. I don't like how "recovery" from depression seems to just be masking whatever questions we have about reality. Every week my therapist just spouts off some bullshit about making the best of what situation I have with college/work/etc., and I don't have a say. Why can't I question? Why is it so fucking taboo to not want a life that holds nothing for yourself? I tried explaining it to her using a metaphor- life to me is like being wrongfully imprisoned. Being told to put up with life and force "recovery" is like being punished in prison, and all the inmates mocking me for a crime I didn't choose. She responded that "well, the guy could choose to be miserable in prison, or he could choose to be active and learn a trade so he can work when he gets out, or write letters to petition local congresspeople to look at his case." I don't want to do anything- at the end of the day it's still prison.

 I don't want this life- I don't want to be part of the rat race, or buying things, or being a functioning member of a capitalist society. I just want to crawl into a cave and meditate or sleep until I die or something. I dream all the time about how I could have been born into a different life...my ancestors on both sides came from humble backgrounds as farmers- one lived in a deserted area of the Alps, and would only climb down to the main village once a week to sell eggs and milk. And yet their descendants decided to immigrate to the US for the "American Dream." I don't want that fucking dream. I would be fine living on a mountain, doing my own thing, living on the land, without having to report to anyone except myself. On my worst days, I'm suicidal. On my best days, I daydream of running away and becoming a hermit or something. I don't make connections with people anymore because I don't want to explain myself anymore, or risk hurting their feelings if I did kill myself. I'm not an evil person- risk of causing suffering to those around me is the only thing that keeps me here. In my darkest thoughts, I wish that my parents would die, or be fine with separating from me...and just give me the money I would inherit, so I could run away and start a new life.

I feel so dehumanised whenever these therapists/"normal, functioning" people speak to me as if my thoughts are invalid. It's so condescending when my therapist tells me that "you haven't been actively seeking to find peace with your situation." All of her ways of "finding peace" are just shit like joining another organization on campus, or like going to the weekly dinner my volunteer job has. I don't want "recovery" because I don't want to be forced to comply with a reality that I don't care for.