the thing about depression is that it takes over your entire life; it never leaves you alone. everything you do, think about, feel, depression is always lurking around the corner. you stop getting hungry anymore and everything you try to eat tastes bland and terrible, or you can’t stop eating and you know you’re overeating but you just can’t stop. you’re up all night with bags under your eyes or you sleep for 17 hours a day. you begin to feel like your only escape is through dreaming, that is until you stop dreaming all together. the dishes start to pile up beside your bed and all over your room, the laundry is so far behind you can’t even see the bottom. you can’t remember the last time you took a shower or brushed your teeth or washed your face. you stop talking to all of your friends because you stop caring and you figure they hate you anyways. your grades drop, you fail test after test, and you just don’t care. you lay in bed all day while your thoughts either eat you alive or leave your brain empty. then the numbness starts to set in. you stop feeling anything at all. you no longer feel happy, sad, excited, scared, hopeful, anything. even physical pain doesn’t bother you anymore. you notice yourself changing. you are nothing like the person you used to be, the person everyone knew and loved. you wish you could get your old self back but it seems like that person is buried under hundreds of thousands of layers of cement. your body begins to feel heavy. getting out of bed becomes the hardest task you will have to face. you snap at your loved ones, pushing them away because even though they are trying to help they will never understand. your thoughts drift off until you forget you are even in your own body, that you are even alive or even human. you certainly don’t feel like any of those things.

the thing about depression is that it isn’t just crying yourself to sleep once or twice. it takes over your body, your being, your life, and your soul. it feels like you are being sucked into a black hole and drowning underwater for months, years. it consumes you.