*Edit: My use of "triggering" in the title refers to how I felt reading articles and comments regarding Robin Williams on the night of, not the anger I felt the next day after having time to think and refresh.*

It angers me to see posts saying "If only Robin Williams knew how many people cared/ loved him/ are sad now." In my bouts with depression, I wouldn't have cared if 7 billion people sent cards saying they care; or 10 page letters; or a 16-hour phone call. I'd still throw the cards or letters away or hang up the phone and think, *They don't really care. They just don't want my death on their conscience.* I'd bet money Robin Williams was the same way. Who could be more loved than a funny-man?


When someone tells me [in the context of suicide] "I'd be sad if you died," I think, *Great, so I should endure my pain every day because you don't want to feel pain yourself.* I think, *How selfish.* How is it more selfish to desire an end to my pain than it is want me to remain in pain? It's easy for the other person to ask me to remain in pain. They don't feel it. They don't see it. Because if I show it, "Hey, perk up. Be happy. Turn that frown upside down." Depression isn't an on/ off switch.


And so I never want someone to do something they don't want to do. I can remember one time that all I wanted was to play a particular board game with a friend, but I couldn't bring myself to say that. I didn't want my friend to play just because I asked or out of some moral obligation. (And I know that if I did, at the end I'd hear "Do you feel better?" as if they were just going through a undesirable task to make me "less sad.") Instead I just sat there and said and did nothing for the rest of the evening, watching my friend get frustrated and angry with me.


The Robin Williams posts are triggering, because they are filled with ignorant comments about "caring." If I die, millions will never know, much less billions, much less care as one /r/self post proclaims. Friends and family will move on, because their advice to me is always, "Keep putting one foot in front of the other. Just let go of that bad stuff." 

Obligatory Edit: Thanks for the gold, kind stranger! It's my first!