Well here is the story, I am what it says, no life, not motivated, so alone for so long trying but never really connected. Lots of different careers but nothing ever captured me totally. My family has all passed, friends from youth and life have disappeared as happens in life. I am not weird or dumb life and moving around thinking I would find a new life doing other things just never found any real result. Oh sure there have been a few moments in time but they all went by the side of the road in search of something.
        So it sounds like I am pretty messed up but not abusive in any way really, only to deluding myself into thinking life will eventually happen for me. I have now gravitated to truck driving and being away as much as possible. If I am not home I am at least on the move and the illusion in my mind thinks this road travels somewhere for me. I have had different occupations but keep changing, to the point I am not motivated or have trouble finding interest in anything. Sadly I am not a negative person but just cannot get going, actually a well educated smart man who has a lot of interests and capable of many skills. I do good work with my hands and mind but feel there is no point to completing projects, who cares so why bother eventually it will get done.
      I am so tired of being in a crowd and being so alone looking at faces but really knowing nobody. I have wandered through so many places in the world and cannot believe and never found destiny in romance or career or just been happy. I was the baby in a small family and have memories of some good and some bad, but now am the sole survivor. Most of the passing were really terrible episodes in life and unexpected and left me to be the sole survivor.
      I am looking at going back on the long haul road and have a home in a great location that will see completion someday before I die. I work on it myself from construction just a do it myself project that keeps me going. Reality is that financially I will sell it at some point to support a simple life.
      I don't know I could ramble forever, I am so tired of searching for a partner in life, yes I love woman if that is fashionable to say anymore. I don't know this man has spent a life time alone and is feeling so down, that the thoughts of, who gives a shit, what does it matter, and who cares, have crept into my mind and at times a few darker thoughts that I am afraid to even mention. 
     I never thought life would be this way ,but it is, and I don't need to be told get out and get involved. I am not stupid but really  
don't know how to snap out and live life for some reason, everything sounds like a been there done that , I just want some reason to do it all because I have lost interest. I am not a perfect guy but I have seen far worse who see to be happy. 
     Any suggestions how to cure this lonely depression at the age of an old fool.