So I've been in therapy for about 6 months about my depression and social anxiety. I've learned a lot through my sessions and it's helped me achieve a better outlook on life. I also can give presentations now! So here are some things that Doc has told me.

Sorry for formatting/typos I'm on mobile.

1) people with depression tend to have a negative bias. They can only see and feel all the negative things and it becomes a physical weight on them. What they don't realize is it's a lot of small negative things that are all stacked into a pile on their back. Positive things will feel non existent. However, positive things are small too. Just try to make them bigger than the negatives. If you go get your favorite food, savor it and remember the flavor. Think about how the food makes you feel. Try to enhance that feeling. You can tackle 1 negative problem at a time and when you do complete it then do the same thing. Remember how it feels to get that thing done. Enhance it and hold onto that feeling.

2) focus on the present moment. Let the future come and don't try to fight it. As Eisenhower once said, "planning is necessary, but plans are not."

3) those feelings of anxiety and or embarrassing moments happen. Meditating helps to get through them. Count your breaths and clear your mind. When a memory comes by just watch it pass. Then when another comes by do the same thing. Count your breaths to say 10 then start over. It helps you fall asleep as well.


Well that's all I have time for. I have some more advice my therapist gave me. If people want I can post those when I can. Thank you for reading this wall of text! I hope it helps you! Pm if anyone wants to chat with me. :)

Edit 1: some typos fixed. And it looks like I'll write some more when I have time. And yes these things take effort. It feels like a ton of effort but eventually it'll become second nature.

Edit 2: whoa this really blew up. Now I understand the that some advice is weird or seems directly untrue. But this is what helped me with my depression. Its advice from a licensed therapist who has multiple doctorates in human behavior. I like the advice and thought I'd share to try to help those who where or are like me.