Last night, around 5pm, I'd just finished watching a few movies, 1 for a media class and 2 for... well just to watch a movie, Don Jon, The Tree Of Life and Her.

 After watching I sat outside watching the sunset whilst having a cigarette and I thought about The Tree Of Life. There's a scene where Sean Penn is walking through a desert and sees all his childhood friends and himself as a child, and I thought of just what I was looking at in front of me. The sun, the birds, the cobwebs in the corners of the rail and I thought.... what exactly is it that I am doing here? What impact am I making? Do I even really matter? 

I feel empty. A deep vast hole full of nothing, nothing at all.

I go upstairs, trudging along, zombie-like, my mind is blank, tears are rolling down my face. Why am I crying? I have no idea. I never cry. I just don't. But here I am, walking up my stairs, crying. I have no weed. I know that alcohol will only make it worse, like always, so I head to the medicine cabinet, craving something to make me feel again. To make me feel happy, to make me feel.... anything..... I find some Panadol (paracetamol) and just start taking them. I'm counting them in my hand. 1...2....3.....4..... it keeps going until they're all gone. I get to 22, the packet says 'maximum 4 caps a day', next to the parent's bathroom where I start looking through the draws. Looking.....loooking...looking.... I strike gold. Temazepam.

I know from my Psychology class exactly what Benzodiazepines are. I take the entire packet. 17, down the hatch. 17 10mg pills. I text my 3 best friends, I say my final words, tell them I love them and that everything I own is theirs and that I'll always be there for them, even if they can't see me, I'll be there. 


I turn off the lights in my room and feel myself drift into the darkness.

Drifting..... listlessly.....

Until I feel myself being shaken violently, I can see the lights on and my dad's face. He's yelling at me, telling me one of my friends was so worried that he rang him and told him everything. He sees the packets lying on my desk and, as a medical professional, goes pale.

I'm in my boxer shorts and he drags me out of my room and throws me in the car yelling at my mum to drive me to the hospital. 

The car trip feels like it lasts less than a second as I drift in and out of consciousness and my dad holds my in the back seat.

We reach the emergency room and my dad is telling the lady exactly what's happened and explaining exactly what to do, seeing as he's a medical professional and works at the hospital. They drag me off to a bed and I can see my parents sitting in the waiting room, crying, as I feel hands clipping cathodes all over my body, putting me in a gown and sticking an IV in my arm as I lapse into unconsciousness, picturing all my friends faces laughing with me. 

I vaguely remember various random moments when I came to consciousness occasionally, but otherwise I woke up later on. I looked down and saw wires out of me, a needle in my arm and sticky pads all over my torso. I felt normal. I felt fine. I felt disappointed. Disappointed that I'd stolen someone else's bed, someone who actually needed it, not some stupid kid. I didn't want to be saved. I looked around for something sharp, for anything, tried using the name-tags around my wrist to cut, but it wasn't any use, they'd taken them all away. 

A nurse came and told me that there would be a psychiatrist come and see me in a few hours, checked my blood pressure, oxygen levels and heart rate and told me brekky was in an hour or two and to just rest up.

I had a shower right before I spoke to the psychiatrist and I looked in the mirror and saw the entire left-side of my body covered in sticky pads and cathodes where they'd measured all my readings and I just.... broke down.... I was pathetic.... I lay on the ground of the hospital shower sobbing uncontrollably at the pathetic mess I am. Absolutely. Pathetic. And you know what? The night before just felt like a dream.... I was still just a pathetic mess. 


I spoke to the psychiatrists and told them absolutely everything and went out and met my crying parents who took me home.

I met my friends later, all of them in tears hugged me for hours.


I'm sorry this is so long I just feel I had to talk about what happened because I was.....well....dead......


EDIT: Thank you all so much for your comments and support, I hope that my story can help some of you to get out of the 'hole' we're in all and to talk to someone. Thank you all again so much, you have no idea how much your comments mean to me, truly, thank you.