Hello all, it's not easy for me to be posting here as I am not the type of person that typically shares my thoughts, feelings, or emotions with anyone.

I'm not someone who has dealt with depression until very recently and it has hit me hard and fast. I didn't even know emotions could make you feel this physically ill. So I guess I've come here to see some sort of open discussion of the situation or get some sort of insight on someone who's been through something similar, as I can't rearrange my thinking of this to forgive myself. 

A couple of months ago my best friend since grade school who had been battling with depression for years committed suicide. After years of failed support and many attempts from his friends and family to uplift his spirits he finally did it after days of vague facebook posts. 

The night that he did it he texted me twice, telling me he's just looking for someone to be around because he's bored. I had family over, it was late, and it was a holiday so I didn't bother texting him back. The next morning I realized I would regret not texting him back for the rest of my life because that was my last chance to ever talk to him. 

Ever since that morning when I realized what happened its like my attitude towards life took a 180. I've started hating myself for it, I have dreams where all of our friends find out he texted me and everyone starts blaming me, mental images of those last two texts show up in my head all day, I constantly replay our final conversations in my head desperately wondering if he left this world hating me because of something I said or didn't say, and now I've developed intense insomnia because of all the "what if" questions that race through my head every night. 

It's only getting worse. I've been an A-B college student for 2 years or so now, and last semester I didn't make it through the first month before my grades were so busted I had to drop. Then I couldn't bear to get out of bed in the morning so I stopped going to work all together without even saying anything to anybody. I've lost any and all motivation to do any of my hobbies like drawing or music and have abandoned all of my projects. I never answer my phone when friends or family call and now I sit in my home 24 hours a day, some days sleeping until 9pm because I feel I have so little to do. I've become utterly useless. What is going on with me? This is so unnatural. How do I get out of this hole?